January 2026

The Watchtower

Living in the Kingdom of Jehovah

THE BIBLE of God in the year 2026:

Happy are those conscious of their spiritual need. - Matt. 5:3.

It will be held from March 2 to April 5, 2026

MARCH 2-8, 2026

97th Song

We Live by God's Word

The Reason

In this article, we will consider what Jehovah has provided for us to enjoy and how we can benefit from it.

Keep Meeting Your Spiritual Needs

THE BIBLE of God in the year 2026:

Happy are those conscious of their spiritual need. - Matt. 5:3.

(Read Matthew 5:3) To be truly happy in life, we need to recognize and respond to these basic needs. (Read Matthew 5:3.)

What does this mean? He is a beggar, a poor man, in need of clothes and clothes, sitting on the streets without a shelter, hungry and thirsty by day or cold by night. He must ask for help from others, and he must ask for help from those in need. Such ones will be willing to accept whatever Jehovah provides for those who love and serve him.

3 In this article, we will first consider what lessons we can learn from

1. What are some basic human needs? (Matthew 5:3)

2. Illustrate what it means to be concerned about one's spiritual needs.

3. What will we consider in this article?

2

The Phoenician woman came to Jesus and believed.

(See paragraph 5)

She went to the Phoenician woman and asked him to help her. She told her fellow believers that they needed spiritual things, and so did Peter, Paul, and David.

RELIGION, RELIGION, and RELIGION

4 On one occasion, a Phoenician woman who had a demon-possessed daughter came to Jesus.

Why should you be angry at her? Why should you be angry at her? Why should you be angry at her? Because of her faith, she came to him, because he had said, "I am not sent except to the lost sheep of Israel". And he helped her to drive out the unclean spirit from her daughter.

6 To satisfy our spiritual needs, we need to cultivate such vital qualities.

4. What did the Phoenician woman want Jesus to do for her?

5. What outstanding qualities did the woman display, and how did Jesus help her? (See also picture.)

6. What lesson do we learn from the story of the Phoenician woman?

January 2026 3

(Matt. 24:45-47) Jehovah and his Son are pleased to provide for those who display these vital qualities. (Compare James 1:5-7.) Let us now consider how Jehovah cultivates spiritual maturity, how he helps us to put on the new personality, and how he carries it on. Furthermore, considering the examples of Peter, Paul, and King David will help us to see what we need to do to benefit from Jehovah's dealings with us.

FEAR OF GOD'S WORD 4 Peter was baptized

7 Consider the example of the apostle Peter, who was one of the first Jews to recognize Jesus as the Messiah, and who saw that Jehovah was using him to communicate the message of everlasting life. (John 6:66-68) After his resurrection, Jesus sent Peter the command: "Feed my little sheep". (John 21:17) Peter faithfully carried out that commission and was used by Jehovah God to write two letters that became part of the Bible. Peter acknowledged that some of Paul's writings were difficult to understand. (2 Pet. 3:15, 16) However, Peter evidently did not give up. He believed that Jehovah would help him to absorb or understand and apply the solid foods contained in Paul's letters. - Read Hebrews 5:146:1.

8 Peter's strong faith in Jehovah helped him to obey instructions. For example, while in Joppa, he saw an angel in a vision telling him to cut off the teeth of animals that were forbidden under the Mosaic Law. (Acts 10:28, 29) But when Jehovah shed light on Peter's message that he wanted all people to hear the good news, Peter obeyed and changed his mind. (Prov. 4:18) He preached to Cornelius and his household, and he was very happy when they received the good news, received holy spirit, and were baptized. - Acts 10:44-48.

9 Like Peter, we need to be diligent in studying God's word, especially the deep things.

7. What was Peter's assignment, but what did he need to do? - Explain.

8. How did Peter react when God gave him new direction through an angel?

9. In what two ways do we benefit from studying the deep truths of God's Word?

4 Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc.

(Rom. 11:33; Rev. 4:11) Another lesson we can learn from Peter's example is that when Jehovah's organization makes changes to the way we understand a portion of God's Word, we should be quick to accept them and adjust our thinking and actions. These vital steps will help us to continue serving Jehovah faithfully and to be used by him.

Love Paul and follow him closely

10 We must put on the new personality if we are to please God. What does that mean? The apostle Paul said: "You must put off the old personality . . . and put on the new personality". (Read Colossians 3:8-10.) It takes time and effort to put on the new personality to please God. He himself declared himself to be an unforgiving God. - 1 Tim. 1:13.

11 Before Paul became a Christian, he was a violent man. The book of Acts tells us that Paul became so angry with Jesus' disciples that he became so inclined to threaten and murder that he became a demon. (Acts 9:1) After becoming a Christian, Paul undoubtedly tried to control his temper and became patient and kind. (Eph. 4:22, 31) However, when a dispute arose between Paul and Barnabas, a bitter rivalry ensued. (Acts 15:37-39) On that occasion, Paul did not act according to God's will, but he did not give up. He continued to struggle to overcome those weaknesses in order to please Jehovah. - 1 Cor. 9:27.

(Phil. 4:13) Like Peter, Paul relied on God-given strength. (1 Pet. 4:11) Still, Paul sometimes suffered from weaknesses that led him to become discouraged, but reflecting on what Jehovah had done for him strengthened his determination to keep on doing what pleases him. - Rom. 7:21-25.

13 Regardless of how long we have been serving Jehovah, we need to imitate Paul by striving to put off the old personality and put on the new one that comes from God.

10. According to Colossians 3:8-10, what must we do to please Jehovah?

11. What weakness did Paul struggle to overcome?

12. What helped Paul to overcome his weaknesses?

13. How can we imitate Paul?

January 2026 5

We must continue to study God's Word for Jehovah's guidance, display Jehovah's qualities, and obey him to protect us

(See paragraph 18)

In doing so, we need to remember this important fact: If we want to improve, we need to learn what Jehovah requires of us and live by it.

FEAR GOD and be protected by Jehovah

14 True happiness involves more than studying God's Word and striving to put on the new personality, but we also need Jehovah's protection.

(Ps. 34:7; Isa. 54:17) Although Satan, the demons, and those who persecute us are powerful, Jehovah is stronger than them, and even if we are killed, he will sustain us. (1 Cor. 15:55-57; Rev. 21:3, 4) Even when we are depressed and anxious, Jehovah gives us the strength to endure. - Prov. 12:25; Matt. (Matt. 6:27-29) Our loving Father provides encouragement and support from fellow believers in times of distress, and he provides elders to instruct and strengthen our faith. (Isa. 32:1, 2) At our meetings, we also learn how we can benefit from Jehovah's help and protection. - Heb. 10:24, 25.

16 When David obeyed Jehovah, Jehovah protected him in this way, helping him to make wise and happy decisions. (Compare Proverbs 5:1, 2.)

14-15. In what ways does Jehovah protect his people? (Psalm 27:5) (See also picture at the beginning.)

16. How did Jehovah protect David?

6 Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc.

(2 Sam. 12:9, 10) But what about when David was hurt by the actions of others? When that happened, David poured out his heart to Jehovah in prayer, and Jehovah comforted him and assured him that he loved and cared for him. - Ps. 23:1-6.

17 We can imitate David by seeking Jehovah's guidance in making wise decisions, remembering that if we do not obey him, he will not prevent the consequences of our wrong decisions. (Gal. 6:7, 8) Still, we may be able to obey Jehovah but suffer.

How to Cope With Life's Needs

18 Our yeartext for the year 2026 says: "Happy are those conscious of their spiritual need". This is more important today than ever. Why? Because many people today recognize that they do not need God's guidance, believe in God but choose to serve him in their own way, and rely on human guidance that leads to unhappiness.

MARCH 9-15, 2026

Song 45 - I Want to Meditate on You

WHY? This article will help us to deal with anxiety and depression.

You Can Overcome Worrying Emotions

Oh, how sorry I am! - Rom. 7:24.

What is it that comes to your mind when you hear the name of the apostle Paul? Was he a preacher, or a teacher, or a scribe? Yes, he was, but at times he was distressed and distressed, just as so many of us are today.

In his letter to the Romans, Paul explains how he felt, as many of us do. He struggled with both the sinful nature and the sinful nature. At times he was overwhelmed by grief and pain.

3 Despite his inner struggle, Paul did not allow negative emotions* to influence his thinking. This article will help us to answer these questions: What made Paul feel sorry for himself, how did he cope with his feelings, and what can help us to cope with our feelings?

WHY was Paul distressed?

4 Now Saul, who was also called Saul,

* DESCRIPTION: In this article, the term "depression" refers to feelings that sometimes lead to depression or anxiety, but it does not refer to chronic depression as a medical condition.

1-2. How did the apostle Paul at times feel, and how is his situation similar to ours today? - Romans 7:21-24.

3. What will we consider in this article? (See also footnote.)

4. What things did Paul do in the past that caused him great distress?

8

(Acts 7:58; 8:1) He was also a leading figure in the fierce persecution of Christians. - Acts 8:3; 26:9-11.

For example, in his first letter to the Corinthians in 55 C.E., he said: "I am not worthy to be called an apostle, because I persecuted the congregation of God". (1 Cor. 15:9) Five years later, in his letter to the Ephesians, he admitted that he was the least of all the holy ones. (Eph. (1 Tim. 1:13) Imagine how Paul must have felt when he visited the congregations and encountered persecutors whom he had persecuted.

6 A sore throat. Paul likened something he felt deeply to a sore throat. (2 Cor. 12:7) The apostle did not say exactly what it was, but the words he used indicated a physical, emotional, or emotional problem.*

(Gal. 4:15; 6:11) Or perhaps he was deeply concerned about what false teachers were saying about him. (2 Cor. 10:10; 11:5, 13) Whatever the case, Paul was at times depressed.

5. How did Paul feel about what he did before becoming a Christian?

6. What else may have caused Paul to become anxious? (See also footnote.)

(Read Romans 7:18, 19.) He acknowledged that despite his desire to do what is right, his imperfection sometimes led him to do what is wrong. He recognized that he needed to fight against his sinful desires and struggle to do what is right in God's eyes, but he did not give up. (1 Cor. 9:27) Imagine how sorry he would have been if he had to repeat what he had tried to do!

What helped Paul to cope with his bad way of life

(Rom. 8:13; Gal. 5:16, 17) Paul repeatedly spoke of the desires and practices that Christians must reject in order to please Jehovah. (Gal. 5:19-21, 26) No doubt, Paul reflected on his own weaknesses, looked to the Scriptures for guidance, and noted what we could do to overcome them.

9 Although Paul was at times discouraged, he maintained a positive attitude that often brought him joy, for example, when he heard good news about the congregations. (2 Cor. 7:6, 7) He also enjoyed the friendships of his brothers and sisters.

7. Why was it sometimes difficult for Paul to do what was right? (Romans 7:18, 19)

8. What steps did Paul take that helped him to overcome his weaknesses?

9-10. What helped Paul when he became discouraged? (Ephesians 1:7) (See also picture.)

January 2026 9

(2 Tim. 1:4) Yes, Paul enjoyed serving God with a clean conscience. (2 Tim. 1:3) Even when imprisoned in Rome, Paul encouraged fellow believers: "Rejoice in the Lord". (Phil. 4:4) As you read Paul's words, you will see that he did not allow problems or weaknesses to keep him down.

(Gal. 2:20; read Ephesians 1:7) Paul was convinced that through Jesus Christ, God's forgiveness of his sins was possible. (Rom. 7:24, 25) Although Paul was imperfect and had committed certain wrongs in the past, he was happy to render sacred service to God. - Heb. 9:12-14.

11 Like Paul, we may be struggling to cope with a mental disorder, a paternity disorder, or an attitude that displeases Jehovah, and we may feel sorry for ourselves, as did Paul. It also reminds me that Jehovah knows what his servants are going through.

* Names have been changed.

11. Why is Paul's example encouraging?

How to Live a Dangerous Life

12 Keep on doing things that will keep you spiritually strong, such as eating well, exercising regularly, getting a good night's sleep, reading God's Word regularly, preparing for meetings, attending them, and sharing in the field ministry.

13 Consider John, who was diagnosed with terminal cancer at the age of 39. At first, he was terrified and anxious, wondering, 'How did I get this terrible disease and not grow up?' At the time, John had a three-year-old son. What helped him to cope with depression? We attended all the meetings, preached every week, and had family worship, although it was not always easy. After reflecting on all that he had experienced, John says: "When you are in a difficult situation, you may feel overwhelmed and depressed, but I know that when that happens, Jehovah strengthens us and shows that he loves us. He will strengthen you, too.

14 Eliza, quoted earlier, says: "Every time I go to the meetings, I feel like I'm not alone.

12. What are the benefits of maintaining our relationship with Jehovah?

13-14. How have some faithful Christians benefited from drawing close to Jehovah?

10 The Watchtower

Though at times Paul's past suffered from depression, meditating on the ransom helped him to overcome those feelings (See paragraphs 9-10)

Nolan, a circuit overseer in Africa, relates what helped him and his wife, Diane: "We prayed, studied the Bible, and continued to attend meetings and preach, even when our father was upset.

15 There are other things we can do if we are depressed or depressed, such as: Suppose you have a sore spine. Some people want to exercise every day, but if the pain is to be relieved, you need to do more than that.

King David acknowledged that Jehovah knew him well, and he asked Jehovah to help him identify what was causing him to become depressed. (Read Psalm 139:1-4, 23, 24) You too can pray to Jehovah to help you identify the root causes of your anxiety and find peace of mind.

15. (a) What can help us to overcome our feelings? (b) What can help us to overcome our feelings?

16. (a) What can help you to identify the root causes of negative thoughts? (b) What can help you to identify the root causes of negative thoughts?

January 2026 11

i.a. - "sister". - "sister": N-a-v-i-n-y-o-n-u. - "we speak": m-í-e-s-o-o. - "past": t-s-o-e v-a-y-i. - "review of Job": k-u n-u m-e t-s-o H-i-o-b-u. - "in his own study.": l-e-e-e-e-n-o-k-u-i-i-u-s-s-r-o-e-e-. - "He said: I went through many difficult situations at once". - "He said: I went through many difficult situations at once". - "I went through many difficult situations at once". - "I went through many difficult situations at once". - "I went through many difficult situations at once". - "I went through many difficult situations at once". - "I went through many difficult situations at once". - "I went through many difficult situations at once". - "I went through many difficult situations at once". - "I went through many difficult situations at once". - "I went through many difficult situations at once". - "I went through many times": "I went through many difficult situations at once". - "I went through many times": "i-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e- - "He went through a lot of hardships" - ends mid-sentence at "si" because the paragraph continues on the next page (page 13). Now Questions at the bottom: Question 17:

17. What subjects can you use for self-study so that you can think about things that are good for you? (See also picture.) - "17.

Even though he did not know why he was suffering, he continued to rely on Jehovah for help. (Job 42:1-6) Diane, quoted earlier, says: "My husband and I study the book Draw Close to Jehovah. This strengthens us and draws us closer to him. - Isa. 64:8.

Why do we need Jehovah's help and blessing?

19 When we strive to maintain personal study and apply the principles we learn

19. How may we at times feel, but of what can we be confident?

However, we can be confident that with Jehovah's help, we can overcome negative emotions and have peace of mind. This will increase our happiness as we spend most of our life doing what pleases Jehovah and maintaining a good relationship with him.

20 Let us be determined not to let our problems, past experiences, or mistakes rob us of our joy.

MARCH 16 to 22, 2026

20th Song

You Gave Your Beloved Son

The Reason

In this article, we will see how the ransom can make it possible for us to be forgiven, to become perfect, and to have a closer relationship with Jehovah.

Why We Need the Ransom

Who will rescue me from this body that leads me to this death? - Rom. 7:24.

Imagine a man whose roof has fallen, and yet he is unable to get out of it. He cries out, hoping to be rescued.

2 How is it that all of us are in a similar situation? In Adam's disobedience, we all inherited the sinfulness of his sinful nature. (Read Romans 7:22-24.) He prayed earnestly for someone to deliver him from this fleshly state.

3 After reminding himself of his distressing situation, Paul wept: "'Who will rescue me from this body that leads to death?' His next words gave us hope: 'Thanks be to God through Jesus Christ our Lord!' (Rom. 7:25) Paul was blaming Jesus' ransom sacrifice.*

* DESCRIPTION: The ransom is the price paid to set a person free from sin and death.

1-2. From what do we need deliverance, and why? (Romans 7:22-24) (See also picture.)

3. In what ways do we benefit from the ransom?

14

Just as a crippled person needs help, we need someone to help us because of our inherited sin (See paragraphs 1-2)

By considering these things, we will deepen our love for Jehovah, the God who gives hope.* (Rom. 15:13) We will deepen our appreciation for Jesus, the one through whom he provided the ransom.* - Col. 1:14.

WHY Jehovah Punishes Us for Our Faults

(Read Ecclesiastes 7:20.) Some sins are serious, such as adultery or murder, punishable by death under the Mosaic Law. (Deuteronomy 20:10; Deuteronomy 35:30, 31) Although some sins are not serious, they can be forgiven.

If we say that we have no sin, we deceive ourselves, and the truth is not in us. - 1 John 1:8.

(Eph. 1:7) This does not mean, however, that Jehovah ignores our sins as if they were unimportant to him. It means that when we sin, Jehovah is not pleased with us. (Isa. 59:2) Since Jehovah is a God of justice, he needs to provide a basis for our forgiveness.

7 The Mosaic Law required that the Israelites offer animal sacrifices to make atonement

4-5. Why do we all need the ransom? (Ecclesiastes 7:20)

6-7. On what basis does Jehovah forgive our sins? (See also picture.)

January 2026 15

(Deut. 4:27-31; 17:11) Those sacrifices were a shadow of Jesus' superior sacrifice and the blessings that it would bring. The sacrifice of Jesus is the basis of Jehovah's law for forgiveness of sins. Paul, recognizing the good results of Jesus' sacrifice, made it clear in his letter to the Christians in Corinth: "But you have been washed clean, but you have been cleansed, but you have been declared righteous in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and in the spirit of our God". - 1 Cor. 6:9-11.

8 As you prepare for the annual Memorial, take time to reflect on how you have benefited from Jehovah's forgiveness. For example, you do not have to feel guilty about past sins and repent because of the ransom.

8. As you prepare for the annual Memorial, what can you meditate on?

I know that Jehovah forgives, but I cannot forgive myself. If you feel that way, remember that Jehovah is the only one who forgives and empowers his Son to judge us. The ransom is the legal basis for Jehovah's forgiveness of our sins and the expression in his Word that he is willing to forgive. - Ps. 86:5.

WHY I am confident that I will succeed

9 In the Bible, the word "sin" refers both to wrongdoing and to imperfection.

9. In the Bible, what does the word "sin" mean? (Psalm 51:5, footnote)

The sacrifices of animals offered for the atonement of sins were a picture of Jesus' sacrifice and the blessings that would result from it.

(See paragraphs 6-7)

16 Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc.

(Read Psalm 51:5, footnote) This is why we are born of sinful instincts, sickness, old age, and death.

10 Consider the effects of sin on Adam and Eve. They were plagued by negative emotions. As soon as they rebelled against God, their conscience began to resent them for not obeying Jehovah's command. (Rom. 2:15) They immediately realized that something had changed, felt the need to cover up, and concealed it from their Creator. (Gen. 3:7, 8) For the first time, Adam and Eve felt guilt, anxiety, insecurity, pain, and shame, and those feelings persisted until they died. - Gen. 3:16-19.

11 Because of our imperfection, we too experience feelings of guilt, shame, anxiety, stress, and pain. No matter how hard we try to succeed in life, we will inevitably face problems that are beyond our control. Since all this is futile, how can we be freed from the sin we have inherited?

12 The ransom gives us the prospect of freeing creation itself . . . from slavery to corruption. (Rom. 8:21) This means that when we are made perfect in a paradise, we will be free from sickness, discouragement, guilt, shame, and anxiety. Moreover, under the rule of the ransom-paid Prince of Peace, Jesus Christ, all human problems will be solved. - Isa. 9:6, 7.

13 Imagine what life will be like when you are perfect: Every morning when you wake up, you will be healthy, free from worries about not eating well, about sickness or death, or about your loved ones. Even now, your heart can be satisfied if you hold fast to the reliable anchor of the hope that is like the anchor of our souls. (Heb. 6:18, 19) Just as anchoring a ship can strengthen your faith and help you to endure any situation, you can be confident that Jehovah will sustain those who earnestly seek him.

10. How did sin affect Adam and Eve?

11. How does our imperfection affect us?

12. What hope does the ransom provide?

13. What else can you meditate on as you prepare for the annual Memorial?

January 2026 17

Jesus' death is the only legal basis for our relationship with Jehovah (See paragraph 16)

(Heb. 11:6) The ransom provides both comfort and hope for the future.

WHY People Can See God and Be Fulfilled

(Rom. 8:7, 8; Col. 1:21) Why? Because Jehovah is perfect and does not tolerate sin. The Bible says of Jehovah: "You have eyes too wide to behold what is bad, and you cannot look upon what is bad". (Hab. 1:13) Sin has become like a great wall between humans and God.

15 The Bible says that Jesus is the atoning sacrifice for our sins. (1 John 2:2) How does Jesus' ransom sacrifice reconcile us to Jehovah? We must know that Jesus' death was in no way pleasing to Jehovah. (Isa. 46:10) The ransom opened the way for humans to be reconciled to God.

16 Think about the benefits of having a good relationship with God. For example, you can call Jehovah 'Father,' as Jesus taught us to do. (Matt. 6:9) Sometimes you can even call Jehovah 'Father,' or 'Friend.'

14. How did sin damage our relationship with our Creator, and why?

15. What did the ransom cost, and with what result?

16. (a) How can we prepare for the Memorial? (b) How can we prepare for the Memorial?

18 The Watchtower

By means of Jesus, Jehovah reconciled himself to all other things by making peace through Christ's shed blood on the torture stake.

The Gift of Jehovah's Providence

17 The ransom illustrates the depth of Jehovah's mercy. Even though we are dead because of our imperfections, he still rescues us. (Read Ephesians 2:4, 5.) Like that man, the humble ones recognize that they are under the influence of sin and need someone to rescue them.

17. How does the ransom demonstrate Jehovah's mercy? (Ephesians 2:4, 5)

(John 17:3) When Satan thought that Adam and Eve's rebellion would disrupt God's purpose, he died.

18 As we meditate on the benefits of the ransom, we should also keep in mind the primary purpose of Jehovah's provision of the ransom. Rather than thinking that it was for our own good, we should remember that it was Jehovah's way of responding to Satan's challenge in the garden of Eden. (Gen. 3:1-5, 15) By means of the ransom, Jehovah proved that Satan's accusations were false, and he provided the ransom to free us from sin and death, thus proving how deeply he loves us. Despite our imperfections, Jehovah has graciously given us the opportunity to prove that Satan's accusations were false. (Prov. 27:11) How can you show that you appreciate the ransom?

18. As we meditate on the ransom, what should we keep in mind?

WHY is it that . . .

■ Can Jehovah forgive our sins?

■ the hope of becoming perfect?

■ can humans have a personal relationship with God?

19th Song

The Lord's Supper

MARCH 23-29, 2026

18 Thank You for the Ransom

WHY? This article will help all of us to show appreciation for the ransom.

How Can You Show Appreciation for the Ransom?

We are compelled by the love of the Christ. - 2 COR. 5:14.

WHEN a person comes to your rescue after a shipwreck, will you not thank him or her, even if you are not the only one to do so?

2 As we saw in the preceding article, we cannot save ourselves from inherited sin, but Jesus' ransom sacrifice can save us because it enables us to (1) receive forgiveness of our sins, (2) have the hope of becoming perfect, and (3) have a close relationship with God. (Rom. 8:30, 31) The apostle Paul said that we are compelled by Christ's love. (Read 2 Corinthians 5:14, 15.) This means that we are moved by Jesus' love to show our appreciation for the love he has shown us and to never forget what he has done for us.

3 How can you show appreciation for the ransom? The answer to this question may vary from person to person. For example, suppose that three people are on a journey to the same place, but they have come from different places.

1-2. What should Jesus' ransom sacrifice move us to do, and why? (2 Corinthians 5:14, 15) (See also picture.)

3. Why may our appreciation for the ransom vary?

20

How much more important is it for us to show our gratitude to Jehovah and Jesus for delivering us from sin and death? (See paragraphs 1-2)

In this article, we will see how the following individuals show appreciation for the ransom: (1) Bible students, (2) baptized Christians, and (3) those who have withdrawn from Jehovah's service.

Children of the Bible

4 If you are a Bible student, consider this: Your willingness to learn about Jehovah in the Bible indicates that you are among those whom Jehovah draws close to him. (John 6:44; Acts 13:48) Jehovah is the one who searches the heart.

5 If you are a Bible student, how can you show your appreciation for the ransom? One way is by following the apostle Paul's counsel to the Philippians: "Wherever we have progressed, let us go forward in a straight line". (Phil. 3:16) This means that you must not let anything get in the way of life. - Matt. 7:14; Luke 9:62.

(Ps. 86:11) If you still find it difficult, you can put your mind at ease, but that does not mean that you should stop studying the Bible. What if you find it difficult to give up a practice that Jehovah hates? Rather than focusing on problems, focus on all that Jehovah is doing for you, especially how he has given you

4. How does Jehovah view Bible students?

5. How can Bible students apply the counsel found at Philippians 3:16?

6. What can Bible students do if they find it difficult to make changes? (Deut. 30:11-14) (See also picture.)

January 2026 21

Jehovah will never expect more from us than we can do. He will help us to do what pleases him (See paragraph 6)

As your love for Jehovah grows, you will find that it is not a burden to obey his commands.* - 1 John 5:3.

7 What about you young ones whose parents are Witnesses and are raising you up in the truth? You too are Bible students, and in fact, you owe your parents the most important Bible students. The Bible says: "Draw close to God, and he will draw close to you". (Jas. 4:8; 1 Chron. 28:9) If you do your best to draw close to Jehovah, he will draw close to you.

* To help you apply what you learn from the Bible, use the box "How to Do This" at the end of each study of the book Enjoy Everlasting Life!

7. What can young ones who have been raised in the truth consider?

(Rom. 5:1, 2) So before you pay for the Memorial, why not reflect on what Jesus' death owes you?

The Christian Churches

8 If you are a baptized Christian, you have already shown faith in the ransom in many ways, such as taking spiritual steps and living up to its standards, obeying Jesus' command to preach the good news and teaching others about Jehovah and Jesus, dedicating yourself to Jehovah and getting baptized.

9 Those who have already been baptized need to be alert because, as time goes on, our appreciation for the ransom may diminish. Consider the first-century indebted Christians in Ephesus, whom the resurrected Jesus commended for their endurance in the ransom, but who said: "I have this against you, that you have left the love you had at first".

* For advice on how to draw closer to Jehovah, see the December 2017 issue of The Watchtower, entitled "Young People - Keep Working for Your Salvation".

8. How do already baptized Christians show appreciation for the ransom?

9. What must those already baptized be aware of?

22 The Watchtower

do not be discouraged or dismayed. Remember what the apostle Paul wrote to the Corinthians...

`. Now let's analyze Interpretation 2: What if the question section is a box at the bottom, and the image is a box at the top right, and the main text is two columns? Wait, if the main text is two columns, how does column 1 finish before column 2? But half of it is in column 1! AND what would happen to Question 10 and Question 11-12? If you put them after Paragraph 11, you have jumped from Column 2 back to Column 1! That would NOT be "respect columns: finish one before the next"! "respect columns: finish one before the next" literally means: Finish the FIRST column, THEN go to the NEXT column! YES! That is the EXACT definition of: "respect columns, sidebars and boxes: finish one before the next"! Let's re-read the exact words: "(respect columns, sidebars and boxes: finish one before the next) " Look at the phrasing: "finish one before the next"! "finish one [column] before the next [column]"! Finish column 1 before column 2! This phrasing was written specifically to prevent models from jumping across columns or re-ordering text across columns! When a paragraph splits across columns, in column-by-column extraction, each column's text block is output in that column! Wait, or does an OCR engine that does column reading order join paragraphs across columns? Wait! In standard OCR (Tesseract, Abbyy FineReader, Google Cloud Vision, Azure Read API): When Azure Read API or Google Cloud Vision processes a multi-column page: It extracts Column 1 top-to-bottom, then Column 2 top-to-bottom! In their output: Column 1: Block 1: Christian... Block 2: 10 Apostle... Block 3: 11 When you hear... Block 4: 10. How... 11-12.

Ask yourself, 'What steps can I take now to reconcile my relationship with Jehovah?' (See paragraph 16)

JW.ORG

For example, ask yourself: 'Do I put Kingdom interests first in my life? (Matt. 6:33) Does my entertainment reflect my hatred of lawlessness? (Ps. 97:10) Do I contribute to the peace and unity of the congregation? (Eph. 4:2, 3) It is appropriate to meditate on these matters during the Memorial because it gives us the opportunity to reflect on what Jehovah and Jesus have done for us and to show our appreciation, not for Christ, but for ourselves.*

People Who Have Faith in Jehovah

14 Some of our Christian brothers and sisters who have served Jehovah faithfully for many years have stopped attending meetings.

* For information on how you can continue to appreciate the ransom, see the article "What Motivates You to Serve God?" in the June 15, 1995, issue of The Watchtower.

14. Why have some Christians left the congregation?

(Jas. 3:2) Some who have committed a serious sin may be tempted to ask for help, but what can help you to regain unity among Jehovah's people?

15 Think of how Jehovah feels about those who have strayed away from him. Rather than being angry or forgetful, he searches for his lost sheep, helps them to return to him, and cares for them. (Read Ezekiel 34:11, 12, 16) Does Jehovah feel the same way about you?

16 Consider this exhortation in the booklet Return to Jehovah:

15. How does Jehovah show concern for his lost sheep? (Ezekiel 34:11, 12, 16)

16. (a) What can help those who have given up on Jehovah to return to him? (b) How can we help those who have given up on Jehovah to return to him?

24 The Watchtower

Be assured that Jehovah will help you to cope with life's anxieties, to bring you comfort from heartbreak, and to give you the satisfaction of serving God with a clean conscience so that you can again serve Jehovah and fellow worshippers. (Isa. 1:18; 1 Pet. 2:25) For example, if you go back to the meetings at the Kingdom Hall, why not ask an elder to help you return to Jehovah? The elders may arrange for a Bible study with you for a while.

WHAT would you know?

17 Jesus said that Jehovah sent him to give his life as a ransom so that everyone who exercises faith in him would not be destroyed but have everlasting life. (John 3:16) The ransom is Jehovah's provision for deliverance from sin and death.

18 Whatever the case, be assured that Jehovah will bless your efforts to unite with millions of his servants who no longer live for themselves but for the one who died for them. - 2 Cor. 5:15.

17-18. How can you make good use of your time in the days leading up to the Memorial?

How will they know that we have faith in God's promises?

■ Bible students

■ Baptized Christians

■ Those who have left Jehovah

Song 14 - Praise the new King of the earth

March 30 through April 5, 2026

76th Song

Are You Not Happy?

The Reason

This article will help us to learn how to make Bible truths more meaningful to others.

Accurately Explain the Truths of the Bible

Jehovah, the God of truth. - Ps. 31:5.

WHEN have you found the truth? This question is often asked when we first meet a servant of Jehovah. Some answer that they were brought up in the truth by their parents. Others say that they have only recently learned the truth.

2 Jesus always spoke the truth, and even those who disliked his teachings criticized him for being truthful even when his message was unpopular. (Matt. 22:16) Jesus taught his followers how people would respond to the truth he taught. He said: "I have come to divide between son and father, and daughter and mother, and daughter-in-law and daughter-in-law". (Matt. 10:35) Jesus did not want his followers to be criticized, but he knew that his teachings were true. (Matt. 23:37) He knew that some truths were to be divided into two categories: Bible truth and love, and others were to be hated. - 2 Thess. 2:9-11.

3 We too strive to imitate Jesus' example of being honest and always speaking the truth, even if it means doing so.

1. What must we do to be part of Jehovah's splendor?

2. (a) What do many know about Jesus? (b) How have people reacted to the truth that Jesus taught about God?

3. What will we consider in this article?

26

Or do we preach the gospel out of curiosity? Not at all! Let us ask ourselves, "Where can we get the truth? How can we tell the truth? When can we tell the truth?" He will give us the wisdom of a father and a father, and the timing of our breastfeeding.

HOW can we find the truth?

4 Jehovah is the Source of truth. Everything he says is true, for example, what he says about good and bad is true. (Ps. 19:9; 119:142, 151) Everything he says will happen. (Isa. 55:10, 11) He never keeps his promises. (Deut. 23:19) The truth is that Jehovah cannot lie! (Heb. 6:18) No wonder, then, that the Bible refers to Jehovah as the God of truth. - Ps. 31:5.

(Rom. 1:20) Addressing Greek scholars in Athens, the apostle Paul said that God wants us to be close to him and that he is not far from each one of us. (Read Acts 17:27.) In fact, Jehovah draws to himself those who humbly seek the truth. - John 6:44.

6 One way to draw close to Jehovah is by studying the Bible, which was written by men inspired by God's holy spirit. (2 Pet. 1:20, 21) Thus, it is completely accurate and reliable, including what it says about the origin of the universe and the origin of life on earth. (Gen. 1:1, 26) We can trust what it says about why we are sinful and why there is so much suffering and death in the world. (John 8:44; Rom. 16:20) We have also learned from the Bible that Jesus will destroy the wicked, resurrect the dead, make the earth a paradise, and help us to become perfect. - John 11:25, 26; 1 John 3:8) What a privilege Jehovah has given us!

Why We Found the Truth

7 As noted earlier, if we want to be part of Jehovah's family, we must always speak the truth.

4. Why can we say that Jehovah is the Source of truth?

5. Why is it not difficult to find the true God? Explain. - Acts 17:27.

6. What truths are contained in the Bible, and why are you grateful to know those truths?

(Mark 3:11, 12) (See also pictures.)

January 2026 27

Why do you teach the truth, and who do you praise?

(See paragraphs 7-8)

Consider an incident that occurred during Jesus' ministry on earth. (Read Mark 3:11, 12) On one occasion, while Jesus was preaching on the shores of the Sea of Galilee, the crowds of demons came and fell at his feet, shouting: "You are the Son of God". They used their mouths to deceive the people, but they were self-righteous. Jesus warned them, saying, "Do not talk like this!"

8 How important it is for us to let our love for Jehovah move us to teach others the truth and bring praise to him! - Matt. 5:16; compare Acts 14:12-15.

9 Consider another way to avoid self-importance: Suppose an elder confides in you and tells you a secret, which you then share with others. When you tell others the truth, they may be surprised and may think that you are not insignificant because you know a lot of secrets.

9. What should we not do, and why?

28 The Watchtower

How to Live in the Truth

10 Read Colossians 4:6. The apostle Paul exhorted Christians in Colossae to be wary of gossip. What does this mean?

11 When we teach the truth, we must apply Paul's counsel to make words sound. The Bible itself, like a sharp sword that can cut through the heart and spirit, can expose our feelings and motives.

12 Imagine this situation: If you were to meet a man who worships idols, celebrates Christmas and Easter, and worships idols, would you use scriptures to show him that it is unwise to worship an inanimate object and that Christmas and Easter are pagan holidays? (Isa. 44:14-20; 2 Cor. 6:14-17) If you first met that person, you may have simply told him the truth, but you did not use God's Word wisely.

13 Paul also urged us to have a salty way of speaking, not in vain or in vain, but in order to teach the truth.

10. What does it mean to be open-minded? (Colossians 4:6)

11-12. Why should we pay attention to how we teach the truth?

13. How can we keep our speech salty?

How can you teach the truth wisely?

(See paragraphs 11-12)

Follow Jesus' example by knowing what to teach and when to teach

(See paragraph 15)

(Job 12:11) This can be challenging - for example, in the case of food, our taste may be similar to that of others; in the case of food, our taste may be similar to that of others; in the case of food, our taste may be similar to that of others; in the case of food, our taste may be similar to that of others; in the case of food, our taste may be similar to that of others; in the case of food, our taste may be similar to that of others; in the case of food, our taste may be similar to that of others; in the case of food, our taste may be similar to that of others; in the case of food, our taste may be similar to that of others. We should know how to give an answer to every man, so that we may not appeal to ourselves, but to those who hear us.

When We Need to Live in the Truth

14 Every time Jesus spoke to his followers, he used clear words and taught them a lot. (Mark 6:34) Yet, his followers still had much to learn. Jesus did not try to teach them everything he knew; he understood their limitations; he knew that it was not the right time to learn certain truths; he even told them that there were certain truths that they did not yet know. (John 16:12) What lesson do we learn from this?

15 Jesus' example teaches us that we should not teach all the truths we know at once. How can we imitate Jesus' example?

14. When Jesus was on earth, did he try to teach his disciples everything he knew?

15. Should we teach our Bible students everything we know at once? explain. (Proverbs 25:11) (See also picture.)

30 The Watchtower

One or two must be sent before Christmas.

Would it be rude to teach a student what the Bible says about pagan festivals and hope that he will stop celebrating Christmas right away? While some students may immediately stop eating what they have learned from the Bible, it takes time for others to adjust their thinking and behavior, so we can help our Bible students to make the necessary changes by teaching them what they need to know at the right time, when it is the right time to do so. - Read Proverbs 25:11.

16 One of the most rewarding things in life is helping others to learn the truth about Jehovah.

16. How can we help our Bible students to progress in the truth?

First, we will continue to set a good example for them. (3 John 3, 4) Second, we will make sure that our life reflects our faith in the promises found in God's Word; third, we will speak the truth with a good motive; fourth, we will teach with kindness, using words that are appropriate and appropriate; and we will speak the truth at the right time; and third, we will bring all praise to Jehovah, who is the true God.

PAGE 29 - In the foreground

The Watchtower

RELATING to Jehovah's Kingdom

January 2026 Vol. 147, No. 1 EWE

From this chapter

Study articles for March 2-8, 2

Keep Meeting Your Spiritual Needs

Study articles for March 9-15.

You Can Overcome Worrying Emotions

Study articles for March 16 to 22.

Why We Need the Ransom

Study articles for March 23-29, 20

How Can You Show Appreciation for the Ransom?

Study articles for March 30 to April 5

Speak the Truth of the Bible Clearly

It is part of a worldwide Bible education work that is supported by voluntary donations.

The cited passages are from the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures, unless otherwise noted.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) January 2026 is published by the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2025 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Try It

Keep Bible Stories in Your Mind

We have many good things in the Scriptures that we can understand and benefit from. Here are some things you can do to help you understand them.

• Read it aloud. Reading the Bible aloud will help you to get a clearer picture of the incident, and if your householder reads the Bible together and shares the Bible characters, it will help you to get a clearer picture of the incident.

• Consider the reactions of the people in the story. Try to understand the thoughts and feelings of the people in the story. For example, ask yourself: 'Why did the person react or react? How would I have thought or felt if I had been in that situation?

• Print. Publishing Bible accounts will help you to visualize and remember things more easily, even if you are not an accomplished artist.

Go to jw.org, or add a QR code to this icon

JW.ORG ®

w26.01-E