August 2026

The Watchtower Announces the Kingdom of Jehovah

The date of the study: Oct. 5NOVEMBER 1, 2026

Oct. 5-11, 2026

PSALM 55 Do Not Be Afraid of Them!

What This Study Says

Do not let Satan deceive you into thinking that you cannot trust Jehovah God and Jesus Christ.

2

Resist Satan's Deception Trust in Jehovah and Jesus

But oppose the devil, and he will flee from you. - James 4:7.

WHILE Satan and his demons are keenly opposed to our decision to serve Jehovah, they know that if we remain loyal to Jehovah, they will never be able to defeat us. - 2 Cor. 11:14; Jas. 1:6.

2 If a soldier is to win a war, he must have faith in and obey the instructions of his fellow soldiers. If he does not have faith in them, he may be willing to sacrifice his own life. We, like soldiers on the battlefield, are at war with wicked spirit forces. (Eph. 6:12) Satan the Devil knows that we may lose our trust in Jehovah God and Jesus Christ and reject their guidance. In this article, we will consider how Satan has tried to weaken the faith of some in Jehovah and Jesus in the past, and how we can resist him in the future.

1. How does Satan try to keep us from serving Jehovah?

2. Why is it important that we continue to have faith in Jehovah God and Jesus Christ?

the other two that Satan uses to turn us away from Jehovah.*

SATAN CLAIMS ABOUT JEHOVAH and JESUS

3 Shortly after Jehovah created Adam and Eve, Satan tried to turn them away from Jehovah. Satan deceived Eve into thinking that he had no regard for his Creator, Jehovah, by asking: "Did God really say that you should not eat from every tree of the garden?" (Gen. 3:1-5) Satan tempted Eve into thinking that Jehovah was holding back many good things from her and her husband.

4 Since the time of Adam and Eve, Satan has continued to accuse Jehovah of falsehood. For example, Satan incited Job's close friends to accuse him of lying about Jehovah, causing Job to think that he was not interested in Jehovah and that he was not interested in serving him wholeheartedly.

* While Satan is not directly responsible for all the hardships we face, the spirit of the world is behind them, which incites them to oppose Jehovah's servants. So whether we face hardships or face opposition because of our service to Jehovah, we can say that we are opposing Satan. - 1 Cor. 2:12; 1 John 5:19.

3. How did Satan destroy Eve's faith in Jehovah?

4. What lies did Satan want Job to believe?

5 When Jesus came to earth, Satan tried to keep people from following him, including by using false accusations against him from religious leaders and others who hated Jesus. Eventually, he was condemned to death as a criminal. - Read Matthew 11:19; 27:27-31; Mark 14:55, 56; John 8:41-45.

6 After Jesus' death, Satan challenged Jesus' followers. First, the Devil did not want people to believe that Jesus had been raised from the dead, so he deceived people into believing that Jesus' disciples had stolen his body.

7 Although some of the first-century Christians gave up preaching because of fear, many of them did succeed and kept on preaching the good news. The disciples learned that all hatred was behind Satan and his demons.

Satan's Day - A Message to Jehovah and Jesus

8 One of Satan's primary ways to deceive people today is to hide the truth

5. How did Satan try to dissuade people from following Jesus? (Matthew 11:19)

6-7. How did Satan target Jesus' disciples?

8. How does Satan use false religion to spread lies about Jehovah and Jesus?

August 2026

3

Satan's world prompts us to believe that it is useless to live by God's laws.

(See paragraph 11)

(John 8:44) For example, Satan has blinded people's minds to the distinction between Jehovah and Jesus. (2 Cor. 4:3, 4) Some clergymen of Christendom teach that the Father and the Son are equal, and as a result, people reject the Father and worship the Son.

9 Jehovah wants people to be friends with him, but Satan does not even want his name to be known or befriended. So Satan has been trying to erase God's name through lies throughout history. (Read Jeremiah 23:26, 27.) Satan has caused many Bible translations to remove God's name as a fortress.

9. How does Satan use false religion to mislead people into knowing Jehovah? (Jeremiah 23:26, 27)

4 The Watchtower

(Jas. 4:8) Satan wants to destroy the faith of Jehovah's servants today.

10 When we face trials or tribulations, Satan wants us to believe that Jehovah does not care for us. He wants us to continue to suffer and become angry with Jehovah. (Prov. 19:3) When someone is angry with Jehovah, he may say: If Jehovah does not care about me, what good is it for me to live by his laws or principles? If that is the case, then we are falling into Satan's trap.

11 Satan's temptation to try to make us believe that our obedience to Jehovah's laws is a matter of discouragement, including claims that the Bible is outdated and that we should not allow others to dictate what we do, has made it very difficult for humans to distinguish between right and wrong. - John 14:30; Isa. 5:20; 1 Tim. 4:1, 2.

12 Listening to such lies can destroy our relationship with Jehovah. "It took a while for me to realize that what I was learning at school and my associates were gradually distracting me", says a sister named Shannon, "and then I began to accept things that Jehovah hates". In the meantime, I began to feel isolated from Jehovah, my family, and my Christian brothers. Happily, Shannon broke away from Satan's snares and returned to her heavenly Father.

13 Shannon realized the importance of remaining close to Jehovah and Jesus by being a wife. She says: "I asked Jehovah to help me make good friends, and I did some research in popular Christian publications. I realized that if I was in the truth, it was not only about attending the meetings and pleasing my parents, but also about sticking close to Jehovah and applying what I was learning.

Believe That Jehovah and Jesus Love You

14 If we want to stay close to Jehovah, we need to make good friends.

10. What might cause a Christian to become angry with Jehovah?

11. (a) How does Satan try to mislead us into thinking that Jehovah's laws are too restrictive for us? (b) How does Satan try to mislead us into thinking that Jehovah's laws are too restrictive for us?

12. Why should we not listen to Satan's lies?

* For more articles for youths, please visit the Young People section of Jehovah's Witnesses at www.jw.org. See also the Newsletter section of the JW Library® app. See the "Young People Ask" section and the "Friendship with God" section.

13. What do you learn from Shannon's experience?

14. (a) How can we resist Satan's temptation to weaken our faith? (b) How can we resist Satan's temptation to weaken our faith?

What is the meaning of life?

FREE Bible Schools

Meditating on the things that will help us stay close to Jehovah will help us to resist Satan's propaganda (See paragraph 14)

However, if we take time to study the Bible and the Christian publications and to associate with mature ones, such lies will be more likely to deceive us or weaken our faith if we know what the Bible really teaches us. - Prov. 13:20; Acts 17:11.

(Prov. 22:19) Meditating on the Bible's examples of how Jehovah and Jesus care for humans can help us to see that Jehovah and Jesus will never let us down. There are many examples in the Bible of Jehovah and Jesus' love for us.

15. (a) What will strengthen our conviction that Jehovah and Jesus will never let us down? (b) What will strengthen our conviction that Jehovah and Jesus will never let us down?

6 The Watchtower

(Mal. 3:16, 17, footnote) Similarly, the Bible shows that Jesus gave his life for us because of his great love for us. - John 15:12, 13.

16 Meditating on what Jehovah and Jesus have done for us will deepen our conviction that they love us. If you have experienced an unforgettable experience, reflecting on how Jehovah has helped you, you will be more confident that he will never turn back on you, and we can ask our brothers and sisters to tell us about how Jehovah has helped them. (Prov. 22:17) This will help us to be sure that Jehovah and Jesus will never leave us, even if it seems impossible. - Read Psalm 118:5, 6.

17 Each of us wants to stay close to Jehovah God and Jesus Christ-

16. How can we benefit from meditating on what Jehovah has done for us or by listening to what he has done for others? (Psalm 118:5, 6)

17. What assurance does Jesus give us at John 10:29 if we remain attached to Jehovah and Jesus?

(Rev. 20:1-3, 10) In our fight against the Devil and his devices, we must work hard to strengthen our friendship with Jehovah by being determined to love Jehovah and his Son, Jesus Christ. In such a situation, we can appreciate that Jesus did not say that no one can separate us from the Father. - Read John 10:29; James 4:7.

18 There are two other ways in which Satan tries to cause us to turn our back on Jehovah: first, he tries to divide us from our fellow believers; and, second, he tries to cause others to hate us intensely.

18. What will we consider in the following article?

WHAT would you say?

■ What lies did Satan spread about Jehovah and Jesus in the past?

■ What lies does Satan spread about Jehovah and Jesus today?

■ What convinces you that you have Jehovah and Jesus in your heart?

PSALM 150 Seek God and Live

Oct. 12-18, 2026

PSALM 129 We Will Stand Firm

What This Study Says

We must always remember that our fight is with the wicked spirit forces, not with our brothers and sisters.

You Can Win!

We have a wrestling, not against blood and flesh, but against . . . the wicked spirit forces in the heavenly places. - EPH. 6:12.

(Isa. 2:4; John 18:36) However, the Bible indicates that we do not have to fight any kind of warfare - against the wicked spirit forces. (Read Ephesians 6:11, 12) How, though, can we defeat these enemies, who are far more powerful than we are?

2 As we saw in the first article, the Devil uses his methods to destroy our faith in Jehovah God and Jesus Christ. In this article, we will consider two ways in which he tries to destroy our peace and unity with fellow believers.

Satan Needs to Prey on Our Brothers

3 For Satan is dividing us, so as to provoke us to war. Does he not want us to be like the world? For the world is full of wickedness.

1. Against whom should each of us fight? (Ephesians 6:11, 12)

2. What will we consider in this article?

3. How does Satan try to divide us?

8

Unlike his father, Saul, who did not trust in Jehovah and was jealous of David, Jonathan supported David.

(See paragraphs 4, 6)

For Satan's desire is for us to be like them, to speak evil of our brothers and to hate one another, to hate the congregation of Jehovah. - Rom. 16:17.

4 For example, at first King Saul was fond of David because David was a skilled warrior. (1 Sam. 18:5) But when Saul realized that the people were threatening David, he was so jealous that he threw David into a pit and tried to kill him. (1 Sam. 18:9-11) Satan would have been very happy if Saul had killed David. Imagine how happy Satan must have been when Saul, out of jealousy, plotted to kill David.

(Ps. 133:1) Satan wants us to be jealous of our brothers and sisters, as Saul was jealous of David. Satan knows that it is very difficult to love our brothers and sisters if we are jealous of them. (Mark 12:30, 31) Do you believe that our worship will please Jehovah?

6 Strong love for one another will prevent jealousy and greed from taking root in us

4. Why did King Saul turn a blind eye to David? (See also picture.)

5. Why does the Devil want us to become jealous and envious of our brothers? (James 3:14-16)

6. What do you learn from Jonathan's example? (See also picture.)

August 2026 9

Contrary to Saul's greedy father, David, Jonathan trusted Jehovah's promises to David and assured him that he would be the next king of Israel. Jonathan humbly acknowledged that Jehovah had chosen David as Israel's successor. - 1 Sam. 23:16, 17.

We need to work quickly to resolve any disagreements that arise between us and our brothers and sisters. (Read Ephesians 4:25-27.) Strive to cultivate love for your brothers and sisters and to have a positive outlook on them.

(Eccl. 7:20) In such a situation, we need to apply the Bible's counsel to be patient with our brothers and sisters, and if someone offends us, forgive him quickly. (Col. 3:12-14) Both Joshua and Jesus want us to love our brothers and to live in harmony with them. - John 17:20, 21.

We are tempted by Satan's temptations

9 The apostle Paul warned that we would be hated by all true Christians. (2 Tim. 3:12) When we are hated, we may feel that we spend too much time seeking justice or seeking justice. In the end, we lose sight of Jehovah's commission to preach the good news. - Rom. 12:19-21.

10 Consider the example of Abraham's son Isaac. Isaac became wealthy and the Philistines liked him. So the Philistines filled up the wells that his father Abraham's servants had dug. (Gen. 26:12-18) But Isaac needed water for his family and his livestock. (Gen. 26:19-25) If we are treated unfairly, we too can imitate Isaac's mildness and patience.

7. How can we prevent Satan from destroying our unity? (Ephesians 4:25-27)

8. What should we do if a fellow Christian speaks or does something that offends us?

9. What other means does Satan use to discourage us?

10. How did Isaac react when the Philistines mistreated him?

10 The Watchtower

#WE WANT CHANGE

The STOP

CHANO

Serving the People

Strive not to oppose any government but to support God's Kingdom

(See paragraph 13)

11 When Jesus, the promised Messiah, came to earth, he too was rejected by the masses. For example, some members of Jesus' family objected to his intentions. (Mark 3:21) The religious leaders kept insisting that he should not be allowed to teach, even claiming that his power came from demons. (Luke 11:15, 16) Another of the apostles betrayed him. (Luke 22:50, 51) Despite these hardships, Jesus never lost sight of Jehovah's assignment, nor did he consider retaliating against any of his enemies.

12 Today, we face similar challenges that can discourage us. Satan wants us to give up the preaching work. We may be opposed or even opposed by family members who are not in the congregation, but Jesus warned us to love even those who hate us. (Read Matthew 5:43, 44.)

11. How did Jesus respond when people hated him?

12. According to Matthew 5:43, 44, how should we respond to opposition or hatred?

August 2026 11

By maintaining love and unity among our brothers and sisters, we can defeat wicked spirit forces (See paragraph 16)

13 We should continue to show respect even when a governmental law restricts or makes it difficult for us to serve Jehovah as we please. Why? Because that is what the Bible commands us to do. (Rom. 13:1, 2) Satan may not support any governmental law that is against us, but he wants us to criticize such laws, or to criticize and oppose governmental authorities. (Rom. 8:2, 3) By opposing the government and not relying on God's Kingdom, we have fallen prey to Satan's snares. - John 15:19.

14 Some who once opposed us are now Jehovah's Witnesses who take their faith seriously. (1 Tim. 1:12, 13) So when people insult us, hate us, and lie about us, let us remember that in the future they may change their ways to serve Jehovah. (Matt. 5:11) Let us pray that the authorities will allow us to serve Jehovah peacefully. (1 Tim. 2:1, 2) Pray for family members, colleagues, and schoolmates who oppose us. A woman who opposed her husband for many years but later became one of Jehovah's Witnesses said: "You need to be more patient, because patience is very helpful.

13. Why should we continue to show respect even in the face of opposition from governments? (See also picture.)

14. What should we remember when people oppose Jehovah's servants?

12 The Watchtower

15 We may waste a great deal of time and energy trying to correct the injustices that are so prevalent in the world. (Eccl. 1:15) Jehovah is aware of all that we are going through, and his Kingdom will soon remove all the damage caused by Satan and his associates. (Ps. 37:18; 1 John 3:8; Rev. 21:5) Until then, however, we need to be patient and show love for our neighbor.

We Can Win!

16 The Bible assures us that we can defeat the forces of evil spirits. (Jas. 4:7; 1 John 5:4, 5) What will help us?

17 Although Satan will continue to use various means to tear us apart or discourage us from our brothers, we should never allow him to do so. Jehovah and Jesus promise that they will remain with us if we stick to them.

15. Why should we not think that we can solve the injustice that is so prevalent in the world?

16. (a) What will help us to resist the spirit forces of the wicked? (b) What will help us to resist the spirit forces of the wicked?

17. What should we be determined to do?

WHAT would you say?

■ How does Satan try to destroy the peace and unity among our fellow Christians?

■ How does Satan try to discourage us from engaging in the Kingdom-preaching work?

■ What convinces you that you can defeat Satan and the demons?

PSALM 149

Song of Victory

Oct. 19-25, 2026

Song 106 Let Us Cultivate Love

What This Study Says

We will learn from the apostles Paul, Philemon, and Onesimus how to promote peace in the congregation.

'I Beg You With Love'

But I beg you with love. - PHIL. 9.

(Isa. 32:17, 18) Although Jehovah is the source of such peace, each of us has a responsibility to ensure that nothing interferes with it. (Rom. 12:18) How can we contribute to the peace of our brothers and sisters in the congregation?

The Address of Paul

2 Read Philemon 8, 9, 17. Paul wrote a letter to Philemon urging him to take back his slave Onesimus. Paul told Philemon that he knew that he was making this request out of love for Christ and for the brothers, as you may recall. (1 Cor. 4:9) But the Roman government ordered Onesimus to return to his master Philemon, and Paul allowed him to go. - Phil. 12, 13.

3 Paul may have wondered what Philemon would do if Onesimus returned.

1. What responsibility do we each have?

2. Summarize the account of Philemon and Onesimus. - Philemon 8, 9, 17.

3. (a) What thoughts may Paul have had in mind when sending Onesimus back? (b) How can we help Onesimus?

14

Paul knew that this matter could jeopardize the peace of the congregation, so he wrote to Tychicus and Onesimus for a letter to be addressed to Philemon. (Eph. 6:21, 22; Col. 4:7-9) In this article, we will consider Paul's letters to Philemon and the Colossians and see what we can learn from Paul, Onesimus, and Philemon.

What We Can Learn From Paul

4 What can we learn from Paul's example? Paul's way of dealing with others contributed to peace in the congregation.

5 Paul regarded Philemon as a friend. (Phil. 17) Paul did not think that Philemon should listen as if he were his slave. (2 Cor. 1:24) Paul regarded Philemon as a fellow worker and reminded him of their friendship. (Eph. 5:1-3) Rather, when elders imitate Paul and make others feel close to them, they set a fine example for others and promote peace in the congregation.

4-5. How can elders promote peace in the congregation?

6 Paul commended Philemon. (Phil. 4, 5, 7) We all need to be commended, for one thing, because many of us may feel unworthy, dissatisfied with our physical appearance, unnoticed, or deprived of a privilege. (Prov. 12:25) Do you want to make others feel that way? Whenever opportunities arise, give them a warm commendation, not only for their accomplishments but also for their efforts.

7 Paul spoke well of Onesimus. (Read Philemon 10-12.) Paul's good news about Onesimus evidently made both Philemon and Onesimus stand out.

6. Why is praise important?

7. Why should we be careful about what we say about others? (Philemon 10-12)

August 2026 15

Follow Paul's example and have a positive view of your brothers and sisters (See paragraph 8)

If we do not preach the good news, we must have a good conscience. What will help us to do so?

8 Paul often expressed gratitude to Jehovah for the fine qualities of Philemon. (Phil. 4, 5) He did so for many others as well. (1 Cor. 1:4-7; Phil. 1:3-5; Col. 1:3, 4; 1 Thess. 1:2, 3) Paul knew that his brothers and sisters were imperfect, but he did not focus on them.

9 While Paul's words to Philemon may have been heartbreaking, they were encouraging. Have you ever been overwhelmed or overwhelmed with words? While writing a letter to Philemon, Paul was even in prison, since the Roman authorities had ordered Paul to be confined in his own home in Rome. (Philemon 1) Did Paul's response prompt him to write a letter to Philemon that was offensive? No. Paul's letter to Philemon was an encouraging, non-violent one. Moreover, peace can help us to cope with adversity.

What We Can Learn From God

10 When we do or say something that offends others, we can all benefit from the example of Onesimus.

What can help us to have a positive view of our brothers and to speak well of them? (See also picture.)

9. Why were Paul's encouraging words to Philemon remarkable?

10. How did Onesimus reconcile with Philemon?

16 The Watchtower

He acknowledged his mistake and did his part to reconcile with Philemon. Knowing that under Roman law, Onesimus was obliged to return to his master, so he traveled a thousand miles [1,400 km] back to Philemon, with little or no punishment. Even so, he refused to let him return to his master. Instead, he tried to make peace with Onesimus, who was now a Christian.

11 If you have offended someone, take steps to reconcile the matter. (Matt. 5:23-25) Although such steps may be difficult to take, you will benefit greatly from doing so. First, apologize sincerely, then listen carefully, and show that you understand the person's grief. Admit your mistake, and avoid making excuses or repeating the mistake. It takes humility to be able to apologize, and it often leads to peace. - Rom. 14:19.

What We Can Learn From FILEMON

12 The example of Philemon helps us to see how we can keep our relationship with the wrongdoer close. Did Philemon forgive Onesimus and welcome him back?

13 Philemon loved his brothers and sisters.

11. (a) How can we reconcile our feelings with others if we have hurt them? (b) How can we reconcile our feelings with others?

12. Why was Paul confident that Philemon would forgive Onesimus?

13. Why is love an important quality? (Colossians 3:14)

Follow the example of Onesimus by humbly seeking reconciliation with your deceived brother (See paragraph 11)

By imitating Philemon, show mildness and promote peace and unity in the congregation (See paragraph 15)

In fact, in Paul's letter to Philemon's congregation in Colossae, he described love as a "perfect bond of union". (Read Colossians 3:14) In other words, love is the key to peace and unity.

14 Philemon's desire for cleanliness made it easy for him to show love for others. He offered his home to serve as a meeting place for the congregation. (Phil. 2) Paul also shows Philemon's desire for cleanliness by telling him to prepare a place for his children. (Phil. 22) Philemon's cleanliness evidently brought joy and peace to others. - Phil. 7.

15 When we imitate the kindness of Philemon, how can we strengthen our love for others? Our kindness for our brothers and sisters helps us to identify them better. When we associate with people who are not even close to their parents or who have a different personality, we help us to enjoy a pleasant atmosphere in Jehovah's congregation. (John 6:44) Hence, when we show kindness, we deepen our love for our brothers and sisters, develop a positive view of them, and become more willing to forgive them when they wrong us.

16 Even if we love our brothers, it may not always be easy to forgive them. What can help us? Consider Paul's letter to the congregation in Colossae, which included Philemon. - Colossians 3:13. (Read.)

14. Why can it be said that Philemon wanted beauty?

15. (a) How does showing kindness to others increase our love for them? (b) How do we show kindness to others?

16. How might Philemon have applied Paul's counsel at Colossians 3:13?

18 The Watchtower

If Onesimus still had a grudge against him, how would Paul's counsel help us if we find it difficult to forgive others?

In the same passage, Paul emphasizes that Jehovah's forgiveness is motivated by his love for us. Jehovah understands us and does not expect us to do anything beyond our ability to do. (Rom. 3:22, 23) If we view our Christian brothers as Jehovah does, we will find it easier to be patient with them, for we too will be happy when we make mistakes and others find fault with us. For example, if we have a plant and know that it is growing beautifully, we will be moved to show love.

18 Whatever you do to promote peace in the congregation is appreciated by Jehovah, so always look for opportunities to do so. Keep on speaking kindly, speaking well of each other, apologizing, making peace with others, strengthening your brotherly love, and making it easier for you to forgive those who have wronged you.

18. What are you determined to do?

17. What does the Bible mean when it says that we keep seeking favor with others?

COVER: Philemon is reading Paul's letter aloud while Onesimus and Tychicus are there with the others.

What Do You Learn . . .

the apostle Paul?

What about Onesimus?

With Philemon?

SING 154 True Love

October 26th through November 1st, 2026

Keep Your Privilege of Serving Jehovah Worthwhile

SONG 62 The New Song

who has brought our salvation near, so that we may fear him without fear. - Luke 1:69, 74.

What This Study Says

It will help us to see that Jehovah's provision of salvation is to be appreciated and recognized as a privilege but also as a responsibility.

Upon hearing this, the local people and his relatives asked: What will this young child be like? (Luke 1:57-66) Jehovah answered that question by means of Zechariah. Zechariah explained that the long-awaited Messiah would soon come, so that John would help people to change their minds and follow him when they found the Messiah. (Amos 3:7; Luke 1:67-79) But Zechariah's words are not limited to what John would do.* This article will show that Zechariah's words are both prophetic and apply to us today.

What Jehovah Gives Us

2 Read Luke 1:67-73.

* See Zechariah's prophecy in the video His Name Is John in the first part of the video The Gospel What Happened in the Life of Jesus.

2. (a) According to Luke 1:67-73, what gift did Jehovah promise to give his people? (b) Who is the "mighty deliverer" mentioned at Luke 1:69?

20

The Jews in Zechariah's day were already expecting the promised Messiah, and they knew that he would be a descendant of Abraham from King David's family. (Gen. 22:17, 18; Matt. 22:42) Why, then, did Jehovah allow Zechariah to name the coming mighty Savior? (Luke 1:30-35) At the age of 30, when Jesus was baptized, Jehovah anointed him with holy spirit as the promised Messiah, and that was when Jehovah anointed him as a powerful deliverer. - Matt. 3:16, 17.

(Luke 1:71) Did this mean that Jesus would deliver the Jews from Roman oppression? No, but that they needed to be delivered from Satan, who was the root of their oppression. (Heb. 2:14, 15) Because of the same Satan, all Jews and mankind were enslaved to sin and death, not only because they failed to obey the Mosaic Law, but also because they were perfectly cursed, and they needed redemption. - Rom. 3:20; Gal. 3:10, 13.

3. Why did the Jews need deliverance?

For this reason Jehovah promised through Zechariah their salvation by means of forgiveness of sins. - Luke 1:77.

4 We too need redemption because, like the Jews, we are enslaved to sin and death. (Rom. 5:12) Satan and his demons are also the ones who are causing us to disobey Jehovah's laws and turn away from him.

5 Let us first consider how Jesus redeems us from sin. When Jesus was on earth, he taught his followers the best way to worship Jehovah in a way that pleases him, and he finally gave his life as a ransom so that everyone exercising faith in him might not be destroyed but have everlasting life. (John 3:16; Matt. 20:28) We strive to serve Jehovah in the same way that Jesus taught his followers to do. (John 2:1, 2) Jesus thus redeems us from sin and gives us the hope of everlasting life.

6 Jesus will set us free completely from slavery to sin and death, Satan and his demons, and those who hate us.

4. Why do we too need salvation?

5. How does Jesus deliver us from sin?

6. What will the King Jesus soon do for us? (See also picture.)

August 2026 21

Salvation through Jesus Christ (See paragraph 6)

(Luke 1:32, 33) Soon, along with his 144,000 corulers and angelic hosts, he and his heavenly armies will wipe out all God's enemies from the earth at Armageddon. Then, during the Thousand Year Reign, Jesus will resurrect the dead, and together with the 144,000, he will gradually help mankind to be restored to perfection. (Rev. 15:26, 55-57) Then, Satan, his demons, and all those who join Satan in the final test will be utterly destroyed, along with Jesus and the 144,000. (Rev. 20:7-10) Eventually, faithful humans will be free from sin and death, and no one will be harmed by it. One of God's greatest gifts is Christ's ransom, a gift that is so precious to us that we will always be grateful to Jehovah. - 2 Cor. 9:15.

Our Blessing in Worshiping Jehovah

7 Read Luke 1:74, 75. According to Zechariah, Jehovah's provision of the ransom opens the way for us to serve him fearlessly.

7. According to Luke 1:74, 75, what privilege has Jehovah given his people?

22 The Watchtower

First, we do not have to fear death. First, because we have the hope of everlasting life, we do not desire the things of the world. Second, we do not have to fear death even if we are rejected by those who hate us. Second, we do not have to fear that we will be rejected by Jehovah, even though we are sinners. We know that Jehovah loves us and approves of us, and we are comforted that our sins are forgiven on the basis of Jesus' sacrifice. - 1 John 4:9, 10.

9 Some brothers and sisters find it hard to believe that Jehovah appreciates their service to him. They may feel unworthy of Jehovah's love because of a trial, a trial, or a past sin - a request for forgiveness from Jehovah and the help of the elders - but they still feel that Jehovah has not forgiven them.

10 To illustrate: If a person has a broken leg and is prescribed by a doctor, the doctor may instruct him to take steps to restore strength to his legs and regain his ability to walk.

(John 1:16, 17; Rom. 3:23, 24; 1 John 3:19, 20) By praying, studying, and attending Christian meetings, Jehovah shows you what you need to do to repent - to recover. (Job 1:2; 1 Thess. 5:17; Heb. 10:25) It may take time for someone to recover from a broken leg. (Gen. 3:16) And how grateful we can be for Jehovah's strengthening you to serve him faithfully every day! How grateful we can all be to Christ and to Jehovah for the privilege of serving him fearlessly!

What We Need to Preach

12 Read Luke 1:76-79. While Zechariah was still speaking, he told his son: "You must walk before Jehovah and keep his ways straight". How did John the Baptizer fulfill this statement?

8. Of what should we not be afraid?

9. What is difficult for some brothers and sisters to believe?

10-11. What can we do if we feel overwhelmed by a sin we have committed? Illustrate.

12. What role did John the Baptizer play in preparing Jehovah's ways? (Luke 1:76-79)

August 2026 23

When we value Jehovah's salvation and the privilege of serving him, we will be zealous in preaching the good news (See paragraph 16)

The Origin of Life - Five Questions Worth Asking

After John baptized Jesus, he made known that Jesus was Jehovah's representative and said: "Look! The Lamb of God who takes away the sin of the world!"

13 John's testimony that Jesus was the Messiah required more testimony. Why? Zechariah stated that the Messiah would appear at dawn.

14 Jesus was zealous in preaching the good news. Zechariah spoke of him as giving light to those dwelling in darkness and in the shadow of death. He had great compassion for the despised ones, telling them about the comforting and hopeful year of Jehovah's favor. (Read Isaiah 61:1, 2; Luke 4:16-21) He made clear: "The Kingdom of the heavens is near".

15 We too are grateful for the privilege of sharing in the preaching of the good news. Indeed, this is an urgent time for us to share in proclaiming Jesus' ransom sacrifice and God's Kingdom.

13. How did the presence of the Messiah become the dawn of God's people?

14. What important work did Jesus and his disciples accomplish? (Isaiah 61:1, 2)

15. Why is the preaching of the good news especially important today?

24 The Watchtower

(Matt. 24:21) At that time, many may respond to the good news and come to serve Jehovah, perhaps remembering that we preached it to them, and then Jesus, along with the 144,000, and the heavenly armies will fight against all those who oppose God and welcome those who serve God into the new world.

16 Zechariah's words recorded at Luke 1:68-79 remind us of three precious things: first, our salvation from Jehovah; second, our privilege to serve him; and third, our responsibility to preach the good news.

16. (a) What is your determination to do? (b) How do you respond to the call of Jehovah?

If so, zealously proclaim to everyone the year of Jehovah's favor. Tell about the day of our God's vengeance, the day when God's Kingdom will destroy all our enemies and turn our earth into a paradise. So invite anyone who loves God to join us in serving Jehovah faithfully and righteously all the days of our life without fear. - Luke 1:74, 75.

DESCRIPTION: The first picture shows two sisters preaching from house to house; the second shows a brother witnessing to a coworker while they are at rest; the third shows a sister giving evidence of natural order at a school; and her aunt and classmates are listening.

WHAT the Bible teaches at Luke 1:68-79 . . .

what precious gift has Jehovah given us?

What opportunity do we have because of Jesus' ransom?

what responsibility do we have?

Psalm 159 - Give Glory to Jehovah

A Story of Life

The Thought of the Grand Creator Came to My Mind

As told by Stephane Landeroin

WHEN I was at school, I had no interest in school, was inactive, and wanted to be alone. I never dreamed that God would think of me. Why do I say that?

I grew up in Paris, France, in an environment where atheism was widespread, and I believed in evolution and everything in it.

My parents had no interest in religion, saying that if there were a God, there would be no such suffering and injustice in the world. I too, seeing the hypocrisy of religion, thought it unwise to believe in God and even to mock those who believe in God.

But now I am convinced that there is a Creator who cares about me, even though I sometimes feel inferior to myself.

At the age of 19, I was sent to a military training camp in French Guiana, South America, for a year, not knowing that my life would change forever.

When I was 20 years old, I returned to Paris. I worked hard every week from Monday to Friday; on Saturdays and Sundays, I ate, drank, and drank.

I grew up in Paris, France, in an atheistic family.

26 The Watchtower

So I decided to go back to South America.

Getting to Know How to Live a Happy Life

I returned to French Guiana, where I lived in a rural setting, hoping to enjoy life in the jungle and smoking marijuana, but soon I returned to my old way of life, working Monday through Friday and picking up meals on Saturdays and Sundays.

At that moment, someone gave me a Bible, and I began to read it, hoping to find practical advice to improve my life, but I did not understand what I was reading.

I had friends who wanted to know why we came to this world, and they invited me to live in a forested village called United.

In the wilderness, life was uncomfortable; we were free to do what we wanted because there was no law. We slept until the sun came up, and we slept until the sun went down. We planted our own crops, we sang, we drank marijuana, we administered our own possessions, and we gave to each other. We ate meat because we didn't want to kill the animals, we didn't break the laws, we didn't obey the laws, we didn't want to be punished for violating them.

We lived in the forest together, and we wanted the world to be perfect. There was no oppression in our village, and everyone respected each other no matter where they came from. However, I realized that we were all selfish and made mistakes.

When I was in the woods, I saw that the land had enough for all our needs. One day I went to count the grain in a storehouse. I stopped first because it was too much. I wondered, 'Why does the land provide us with so much?'

A. We built a cottage in our village, which we call the United Village

B. Living in the woods

The A.

The B

I knew that everything was made by man, but I did not know who it was.

I continued to read the Bible, but this time I wanted to know what God's will was for me. I began to pray, to make an unknown cross, and to see if the Creator's name, Yah, appeared in some of the songs that our band sang.

I Will See What Happens

When I looked back, I felt that the Creator knew that I wanted to see him. A friend in our village met Jehovah's Witnesses, and she handed me a copy of the book You Can Live Forever in Paradise on Earth.* When I began reading, I was amazed at what I saw.

* Published by Jehovah's Witnesses but now out of print.

He is kind and desires us to have such a good future, and I want to be his friend.

I realized that I needed to make changes in my life, but I needed help, so I asked a new friend to meet Michel, a missionary who was studying with that friend.

On the same day that I met Michel, he invited me to attend a convention in Matoury, near the capital city of Cayenne, about 150 miles (240 km) from where we were located. I had long hair, long brown hair, and a brown bra, but the brothers helped me to attend the convention, provided me with food, and provided me with sleep.

At that meeting, a brother explained 1 Timothy 5:8 in his own speech, which showed that any good father would be willing to care for their needs. I realized that Jehovah uses this basic principle to provide for his family.

FRANCE

French Guiana

New Caledonia

I learned the truth in French Guiana, got baptized in France, and now serve with my wife in New Caledonia

On our wedding day

Addressing a Chinese class in 2006

As I looked at Michel's life, I saw the truth of this statement: He focused on doing Jehovah's will, but he had no need of anything, and he was happy.

As I continued to study the Bible, I realized that I needed to make changes, and I made the decision to quit smoking and marijuana.

A few weeks later, I left the group in French Guiana and returned to France. I found a Kingdom Hall and accepted a Bible study with me. Although my life had changed, my family was amazed at the way I had changed.

When I was baptized in 1996, I prayed to Jehovah that I would like to become a missionary like Michel, and I realized that this was the best way to show my appreciation for what Jehovah has done for me.

I've had a lot of success in my life

I decided to propose to her, but I wanted to see if she really enjoyed the missionary work, and in April 2000, we got married.

The following year, we both began pioneering. Later, we decided to learn Mandarin to help a Chinese-speaking group in the nearby congregation. I had a hard time learning the language. First, I had to try to make myself look like a Chinese person, and I had to find a way to appeal to the Chinese people. Our upbringing was also a key factor in our future service to Jehovah.

A Few Things I Have Learned

For example, I felt that my efforts to do my best for Jehovah and my brothers were unsatisfactory, so I spent a lot of time preparing for a talk.

What are you waiting for?

We are now in the circuit work in New Caledonia

(Eccl. 7:16) I needed to understand that Jehovah is a loving Father and does not expect perfection from us. Rather, he appreciates our best efforts.

In Paris, I was appointed as a substitute circuit overseer, but I felt that I was young and inexperienced, but I learned that Jehovah's holy spirit can make us do more than we think we can do.

In addition, I have suffered from a chronic illness since I was a child, such as paralysis in my hands, a mild feeling when giving a speech at a circuit or convention, and a calmness when praying to Jehovah for peace.

In 2011, Jehovah answered our long-praying prayer by sending us to serve as missionaries in New Caledonia, a remote archipelago in the southwestern Pacific, some 16,000 miles (10,000 km) from Paris. What is more, the local conversation was very different; when you asked someone a question, they would answer behind their eyes instead of opening their mouths to you.

We have served as missionaries, have served at Bethel for a few years, have attended the School for Kingdom Evangelizers, and are now serving as circuit overseers. In each assignment, we have experienced the support of Jehovah's holy spirit. Although I may be nervous in front of a mob, with Jehovah's help I am able to give encouragement and direction to our guests.

She is very patient with me, enjoys our work, and is ready to witness to people at every opportunity. She has not complained about the dangers here, as well as the many challenges we face in the circuit work.

At my first convention, I learned that the Supreme Creator always cares for his servants, and by putting his service first in my life, he has blessed me with many blessings. Jehovah has taught me to respect government officials, to obey laws, to be humble, and to associate with fellow humans so that I can live by Jehovah's standards.

30 The Watchtower

Did You Know?

In ancient times, what was going on at the gates of a city?

THE gates of the ancient city were not merely the entrances of a logging town, but they were extremely unusual because they were frequented.

The Hebrew word por means more than just the gate at the entrance of a city. Esan also refers to the part of the city gate where people could ring the doorbell.

The city gates of Jerusalem were marked with the names Fish Gate and Sheep Gate, which may have been the source of the name. - Zeph. 1:10; John 5:2.

(Gen. 23:10-15, 17, 18; Ruth 4:1, 10) Moreover, when travelers made their way into the city late in the day and entered the city safely, they could lie down outside the city gates. (Judg. 19:15-21) In addition, people would come to the city gates to hear the news. - 2 Sam. 18:24, 25.

(Deut. 21:18-20) The judges' public hearing enabled them to judge fairly, and the judges were appointed to execute judgments at the gate of the city. (Deut. 25:2) The judges, who judged at the gate of the city, were responsible for executing judgments promptly.

The city gates were an incredible place

They were not only expected to see justice done, but they were also expected to treat everyone fairly, encouraging the people to do the same. - Deut. 16:18-20; Job 29:7, 11-17.

Since the people often gathered at the city gates, the prophets and others often came to the city gates to discuss matters. (1 Ki. 22:10; Jer. 17:19, 20) For example, Jehu stood at the city gate and told the people that Jehovah had executed his message against Ahab's household. (2 Ki. 10:8-10) King Hezekiah also gathered his three kings at the city gate and encouraged them to rely on Jehovah. - 2 Ki. 32:6-8.

(Prov. 1:20, 21) In ancient Israel, when entering the gates of a city, faithful men would advise and administer justice. Today, Jehovah's wisdom is found in the Bible, and his servants around the world are helping people to discern it.

August 2026 31

The Kingdom of God is the Kingdom of God! August 2026

What Does It Mean to Be a Witness?

October 5-11 2 Resist Satan's TricksRely on Jehovah and Jesus

October 12-18 You Can Win!

October 19-25 14 I Beg You With Love

October 26 November 1 20 Keep Your Privilege of Serving Jehovah Worthwhile

26 I Was Impressed by the Thought of the Grand Creator

DO YOU KNOW? 31 In ancient times, what was going on at the gates of cities?

A Word from the Bible

A Tree That Lies Early in the Morning

Some 30 trees mentioned in the Bible include the tree of the white elephant, a tree that blossomed shortly after the winter solstice. By the end of January, some of its beautiful red or white flowers had already bloomed.

According to Jeremiah 7:25, the footnote describes Jehovah as waking up early in the morning. The March 15, 2011, issue of The Watchtower says: "Just as a fig tree (a tree of human emotions) wakes up early in the morning, so Jehovah wakes up early in the morning . . . to warn his people of the consequences of their disobedience. . . .

(Eccl. 12:5) In addition, the candlesticks of the tabernacle were lined with bowls with oil on the branches. The beauty of the flowers may have inspired Jehovah to tell Bezalel to make the bowls like the flowers of the white flowers. - Ex. 37:17-20.

This publication is available free of charge and is used to support a worldwide Bible education work that is supported by voluntary contributions.

Except where noted, entries in this book are taken from the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) August 2026 is published by the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Go to jw.org in English, or click this link on your device

JW.ORG ®

w26.08-TW