June 2026

The Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc.

It will be held from August 10-September 6, 2026

August 10-16, 2026

122 Song of Solomon

Stand firm, the Son of God!

The Reason

This article will assure us that no matter what tests of faith we may face, we can remain loyal to Jehovah.

How to Maintain Integrity in the Face of Trials of Faith

"Lord, to whom shall we go? You have the words of eternal life". - John 6:68.

ON ONE occasion, while teaching in Capernaum, Jesus said: 'Unless you eat the flesh of the Son of man and drink his blood, you have no life in you.' He added: 'He that eats my flesh and drinks my blood has everlasting life, and I will raise him up at the last day.'

2 Many of Jesus' disciples were stunned by his words and turned away. Did that not mean that they had no faith in him? No, for many of them were so impressed by what Jesus had done that they said: "This man is indeed the Prophet who was to come into the world".

3 The apostles remained loyal to Jesus. When Jesus asked if they wanted to leave, Peter replied: "Lord, to whom shall we go? You have the words of everlasting life. We have believed and have come to know that you are the Holy One of God".

1-2. What happened one day when Jesus was teaching in Capernaum?

3. How did Jesus' apostles react, and why? (See also picture.)

2

Even though many of the disciples had turned away from Jesus, Peter and the other apostles continued to reject him (See paragraph 3)

They were not going to die for him. Why not? Because they were convinced by this testimony that Jesus was the Christ.

4 For example, how do we react to changes in our understanding of the Bible or in our preaching work, to a situation that makes it difficult for us to understand why Jehovah allows such a change, to a situation in which a fellow believer or a respected member of the congregation is unfaithful to us, or to a situation that tests our faith?

5 We need to have faith that is built on a solid foundation. For example, in earthquake-prone areas, construction workers make sure that the foundation of a building is solid so that it does not collapse in the event of an earthquake. Likewise, we need to have strong faith that will enable us to stand firm against threats such as those mentioned in the preceding paragraph.

6 The apostles were convinced that Jesus was the Son of God and had the promise of everlasting life. They were also convinced that Jesus had Jehovah's full support. In this article, we will consider three basic reasons why we can be loyal to Jehovah in every situation:

4. What situations may test our faith?

5. Illustrate why we should build our faith on a solid foundation. - Colossians 1:23.

6. What helped the apostles to keep their eyes on Jesus?

June 2026 3

(1) Jehovah is the Creator of all things; (2) Jehovah's holy spirit inspired the writers of the Bible; and (3) Jehovah God is being used by Jehovah's Witnesses today.

JEHOVAH is the Great Preserver

7 Read Revelation 4:11. This fact makes us convinced that Jehovah is the Creator and deserves our worship. Meditating on his mighty power, we can be sure that he can deliver us from all our distress. Yet, Satan has spread lies in this world that cause many to doubt the existence of God. Otherwise, we may begin to question whether he is actually available to deliver us in difficult situations. - Heb. 11:6.

8 If your conviction that Jehovah is the Creator has diminished, you need to act quickly. Take a closer look in our publications for evidence that Jehovah is the Creator. You can find more evidence to strengthen your faith in the fascinating books Was Life Created? and The Origin of LifeFive Questions Worth Asking. You can find further evidence in the series of books and videos on jw.org entitled Was It Created? A young sister in the United States named Jessica says: "After studying our publications, I have come to believe that there is an intelligent Creator.

7. (a) What assurance is found at Revelation 4:11? (b) What can happen when we face tests of faith?

8-9. (a) What can you do if your faith in Jehovah's sovereignty has diminished? (b) What can you do if your faith in Jehovah's sovereignty has diminished?

Why don't you read some of our letters that prove that there is a Creator?

(See paragraph 8)

Nebula: IAC/RGO/David Malin Images; fish and owls: Mercedes-Benz USA; aircraft: Kristen Bartlett/University of Florida

Also, you may have read the sixth and seventh chapters of the book Enjoy Everlasting Life! but why not read them again?

9 As you continue your personal study, you can examine the evidence that convinces you that God exists, not only to strengthen your faith in him but also to learn more about his wonderful qualities. (Rom. 1:20) You can also use what you learn to help those who doubt his existence.

JEHOVAH'S COUNCIL OF TRUTH THE BIBLE is used by many people

10 Read 2 Timothy 3:16, 17. The Bible is a message from Jehovah to mankind. It contains the answers to life's most important questions, reveals what Jehovah wants us to do and what he wants us to do.

11 There are many reasons why we can be sure that Jehovah inspired writers of the Bible, such as the accuracy of the Bible's historical record (Luke 3:1, 2) and the accuracy of what it says about the heavens, the earth, and the universe. - Job 26:7.

Today, the Bible is the world's most widely printed book, written by some 40 authors at a cost of more than $600,000, yet it is well-documented. Despite its long history, its counsel is still useful to millions of people today. (Prov. 13:20; 15:21; Matt. 7:12) The fulfillment of many Bible prophecies proves that its message is reliable. (Josh. 23:14) Clearly, the spirit of God's people lives in the Bible!

For example, a young man named Jordan, whose parents are Witnesses, observed: "I don't believe everything I'm told. If I am troubled about anything, I use my letters to investigate it. The Scriptures, if they are inspired by God, will strengthen us and make us firm in the faith. - 1 Cor. 3:12, 13.

JEHOVAH'S WITNESSES AS JEHOVAH GOD today

13 If you find it hard to believe that Jehovah's Witnesses are an organization

10. Why is the Bible a valuable book for us? (2 Timothy 3:16, 17)

11. Why are you convinced that the Bible was written by demons?

12. What should you do if you are no longer convinced that the Bible is from God?

13. (a) What can you do if you are not convinced that Jehovah's Witnesses are the organization that Jehovah God is using today? (b) What can you do if you are not convinced that Jehovah's Witnesses are the organization that he is using today?

5 June 2026

Jehovah is the source of love and unity among his people worldwide (See paragraph 16)

To do so, ask yourself these questions: 'Who are struggling to live by Bible principles, and what organization bases all its beliefs on the Bible?' (2 Tim. 4:3, 4) Who are doing Jehovah's will today? - Matt. 7:20, 21.

14 To identify those who are doing God's will today, ask yourself: Who are doing the preaching work that Jesus foretold would be done in the last days? (Matt. 24:14) The answer is obvious. Jehovah God is using his people, his Witnesses, to accomplish this preaching work.

14. What shows that Jehovah's Witnesses are living up to the words of Matthew 24:14 today?

15 Read Matthew 6:9; Isaiah 43:10. As Jehovah's Witnesses, we are honored to have God's personal name, Jehovah, as we know it today, and we have removed it from many translations of the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures, where it appears more than 7,000 times in the original Bible.

16 Read John 13:34, 35. Although the world is divided and filled with hatred, Jehovah's people are united by love and unity.

15. How are Jehovah's Witnesses sanctifying God's name today? (Matthew 6:9; Isaiah 43:10)

16. (a) Why can we say that Jehovah's Witnesses obey the command found at John 13:34, 35? (b) How do we know that Jehovah's Witnesses obey the command found at John 13:34, 35?

6 Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc.

If you keep this in mind, it will help you to remain faithful when your faith is tested.

Jehovah will never be forgotten

17 We are living in critical times, so life will be difficult for all of us. (2 Tim. 3:1, 13) We may encounter stressful situations, such as changes made to our organization or directions that we do not fully understand; a brother or a sister may do something that is upsetting us; we may not know what to do or why things are happening.

18 In spite of all these challenges, we can remain loyal to Jehovah if we have faith that he is the Creator, that he inspired the Bible, and that Jehovah's Witnesses are his people today.

PAGE 6: A mother and her child are excited when they see a group of Witnesses witnessing publicly.

17-18. What trials may we face, but of what can we be confident?

How can these truths help us when we experience distress?

■ Jehovah is the Creator

■ The Bible was inspired by God

■ Jehovah is with his people today

Song 123 - What is the meaning of the song?

Loyally Subject to Theocratic Provisions

August 17-23, 2026

Song 90 - Greet One Another

WHY? Some situations may make it difficult to make friends with fellow believers. This article will help us to see how we can maintain friendships.

How to Make Friends With Christian Brothers and Sisters

So clothe yourselves with compassion, kindness, lowliness of mind, mildness, and long-suffering.

WHAT a blessing it is to have friends among Jehovah's people! (Ps. 119:63) We are a loving family of Jehovah's servants.

2 As Jehovah's servants, we are united by our love for Jehovah and Jesus. (John 13:35) Friendships do not come about spontaneously; they require effort.

3 Yes, there are some who share in common interests, some who share in common interests, some who are not in harmony with one another, some who are not in harmony with one another, some who are not in harmony with one another, some who are not in harmony with one another, some who are not in harmony with one another, some who are not in harmony with one another, some who are not in harmony with one another, and some who are not in harmony with one another. In this article, we will see how Jesus' example can help us to stay close to our brothers and sisters when they are seriously ill or depressed.

1. Where can we find true friends?

2. How should we deal with our fellow Christians?

3. What can make it difficult for us to maintain close friendships with our brothers and sisters?

8

But first, let us look for Christian qualities that will help us to maintain our friendships.

CHRISTIAN CULTURE We are called friends

4 By focusing on the good qualities of our brothers and sisters, we strengthen our friendship with them, and by cooperating with them, we keep their good qualities in mind. The apostle Paul urged the Thessalonians: "We did our utmost to see your face again". (1 Thess. 2:17) Many of us have found that our friendships are strengthened by face-to-face communication, and we have many opportunities to converse in the field ministry, at Christian meetings, and at conventions. However, when disagreements arise, we may need to do more than preach and attend meetings with them.

(Read Colossians 3:12) If we are humble, patient, compassionate, and kind, it will be easier to resolve conflicts and maintain friendships with our brothers and sisters. In each case, we will see how Jesus' humility, long-suffering, kindness, and compassion can help us to maintain genuine friendship.

How to Be Cautious With Your Neighbor

6 Why can this be a problem? If two people have a difference of opinion about something, each of them may feel that he or she is doing well. Suppose two brothers are working on how their father will work in the field, but they have different opinions on the best way. If they do not respond quickly to each other, they become angry with each other and slowly become angry with each other, eventually destroying friendships for the sake of small things.

7 Imitate Jesus' humility. Jesus taught his followers an important lesson that would help them to avoid disagreements - humility. His disciples had been so concerned about who was the greatest among them that he told them to consider others greater than they were. (Matt. 20:25-28) In this way, Jesus taught them the lesson of humility.

4. What can strengthen our brotherly friendship?

5. What will help us to maintain friendships even when differences arise? (Colossians 3:12)

6. What can happen if two people disagree on a matter?

7. How did Jesus teach his followers the need for humility in resolving conflicts?

June 2026

9

Humility will help you to overlook minor issues and to forgive freely

(See paragraph 8)

(John 13:3-5, 12-16) This illustration shows how to maintain close friendships. When his disciples considered others superior to them, they were more likely to accept each other's opinions, even when they were different from one another.

8 How can you maintain friendships? Humility can help you to overlook minor issues and to be willing to forgive. (Read Colossians 3:13.) Humility helps you to avoid resentment when you disagree with someone and to keep your friendship going. (Ps. 4:4) Even if the other person says something that hurts you, remember that we all say things that hurt us later on. (Rev. 7:21, 22) Ask yourself: 'What is more important than my feelings?

(Read Proverbs 17:9; 1 Cor. 6:7) Increase your friendship with him. This has helped many to remain friends and to have a calm discussion. (Ps. 34:14) You can also approach your brother and talk to him. (Luke 17:3, 4) Remember, what matters most is your friendship, not who is right or wrong. - Prov. 18:24.

8. How will humility help you to maintain close friendships even when you have differences of opinion? (Colossians 3:13) (See also pictures.)

9. How can humility help you when conflicts arise with a brother or sister? (Proverbs 17:9)

10 GΒΕΤΑΚΡΩΧΟ

When You Feel Comfortable With Others

10 What may cause this to be so? It may be difficult to develop friendships with brothers and sisters from different backgrounds, who may be self-absorbed, who may be unpopular, who may be unsympathetic, who may have been mistreated, who may be temperamental, or who may have been brought up in a different way.

For example, the apostles James and John asked Jesus for a special position in the Kingdom - a position of self-control. (Mark 10:35-37) On the contrary, Jesus, despite his high position as a parent, humbled himself and left it behind on earth. (Phil. 2:5-8) Think of this: Jesus displayed a very different attitude than those of James and John.

12 Jesus did not expect his friends to do what was right all the time. He knew that not only James and John but also other disciples were seeking prominence.

10. Why may it be difficult to make friends with some of our brothers and sisters?

11. What helped Jesus to maintain friendships with people from different backgrounds?

12. What helped Jesus to be patient with his friends?

He knew how the leaders of the world encouraged and encouraged people to look for greatness. But he was patient with them and gave them time to repent of their sins.

13 What can help you to maintain friendships? Be patient when you are hurt by someone else's actions. (Prov. 14:29) Because we all have different personalities and qualities that we may not always be happy with, we appreciate being kind to others. (Read Ephesians 4:2.) We too need to be patient with people who have different personalities. Likewise, let us be patient with those who are slow to speak, not only with those who are weak, but also with those who are weak.

14 If we are patient, we will be able to see the good in our brothers and sisters. If we focus on the good in our brothers and sisters, we will be able to cultivate friendships with each other rather than problems.

13. How can patience help us to maintain friendships? (Ephesians 4:2)

14. What can patience help us to discern our brothers and sisters?

June 2026 11

True friends are comforting, kind, and kind to one another.

(See paragraph 19)

When we try to see the good in our friends, we imitate Jesus and his Father, Jehovah.

15 Another important step is to pray to Jehovah to help us to develop friendships with people of different backgrounds. Think ahead of time about situations that may cause disagreements, and pray to Jehovah to help you cope with those situations. And if you find it difficult to be patient, ask Jehovah for his holy spirit to help you to exercise self-control. - Luke 11:13; Gal. 5:22, 23.

WHEN our brothers and sisters are facing difficulties

16 Why can this be a challenge?

15. Who can help us to cultivate good relations with people of different backgrounds?

16. What can happen when a brother or sister is in a difficult situation?

For example, they may isolate themselves, abandon a parent, become quick to anger, or even do things that we may not like. They may say or do something that offends us. (Job 6:2, 3) Do not blame a brother for a difficult situation that you do not know about.

When Jesus heard that Jesus was coming, the blind man named Bartimaeus kept on crying. Some of them rebuked him and urged him to remain silent, but he cried out even louder. Jesus was moved with pity for him.

17. What have you learned from the way Jesus treated Bartimaeus?

12 The Watchtower

(Matt. 20:34; Mark 10:46-52) Jesus kindly spoke to Bartimaeus, commended him for his faith, and miraculously opened his eyes.

18 What can help you to maintain friendships? Be compassionate and kind, and these qualities will help you to be a source of comfort and comfort to fellow believers who are in distress or who are depressed. (Read 1 Thessalonians 5:14.) Remember, a true friend is always helpful, especially in times of distress.

19 What practical steps can we take to show kindness and compassion? True, you cannot completely remove the pain of a friend's pain, but you can empathize with him and understand what he is going through. (Matt. 7:12; 1 Pet. 3:8) Listen carefully to what he is saying.

(Prov. 12:25) Be careful that your words do not make it seem like you know everything about the situation. (Prov. 18:13) Be patient with him and do not expect him to do everything perfectly. - Eph. 4:32.

20 We all value our friendship with fellow Christians, but because of our imperfection and difficult circumstances in life, we occasionally say or do things that hurt our brothers and sisters, and we appreciate that our brothers and sisters show humility, patience, kindness, and kindness in order to maintain our friendship.

20. What kind of friend would you like to be?

18. How should you deal with friends who are facing hardships? (1 Thessalonians 5:14)

19. How can we show kindness and compassion? (See also pictures.)

PAGE 10: An elderly brother and a younger brother have different views on how to care for the soil in their congregation.

How to show Christian brotherly affection . . .

■ if you have a difference of opinion on a matter?

■ if your personality is different?

■ when facing hardships?

Sing 124 - Staying Loyal to God

August 24-30, 2026

Song 65 - Go to the Future!

HOPE This article will show how we benefit from the fatherly ministry.

Benefit From the Father's Word

I will praise Jehovah with my whole heart in the midst of the father of the righteous. - Ps. 111:1.

WHEN you were given the privilege of being an unbaptized preacher of the good news, how happy you were to be part of the great crowd that is praising and glorifying Jehovah's name! (Ps. 148:1, 2, 12, 13) You may have been part of a small group called the Field Song, which includes some singers.

2 How have you benefited from this ministry arrangement? Wendy* says: "The singing program has helped me in many ways. It has taught me new ways of speaking and teaching, helped me to reach spiritual goals, and made me many good friends. The overseer's role is to help the pioneers in his group to progress in Jehovah's service and remain strong in the faith even after they are baptized.

* Names have been changed.

1-2. How do many feel about the preaching work?

14

3 In this article, we will consider the role of a field overseer and his team, how they help their stepfather's family, and how each of us can help the field overseer, and finally, how we can benefit from this wonderful arrangement.

A Shepherd's Guide and His Counsel

4 A field service overseer is a member of a congregation appointed by elders to help a father of a publisher to make spiritual progress. First, he cares deeply about each member of the expectant father's household. (Prov. 27:23) He gets to know his father's family well and regularly converses with them about what they are going through. This enables him to use the Scriptures to encourage and strengthen them when they are depressed and to help them in other ways. He was always in the ministry, especially on the weekends, encouraging and training each member of the congregation.

If it is necessary, a servant is the head of the household until an elder arrives. But a servant is a servant under the care of the elders.

3. What will we consider in this article?

4. (a) What important responsibilities do field overseers have? (b) What suggestions can help a field overseer to carry out his assignment successfully? (See the box "Helpful Suggestions for Field Overseers".)

Tips for Angry Overseers

• Keep the field service meeting short, not more than seven minutes, so that publishers can get started quickly.

• Work with as many publishers in your home as possible, including those whose circumstances do not allow them to attend meetings regularly.

• Make regular visits to all of the parent's family members, whether at the home of the publishers, at the Kingdom Hall, or elsewhere conveniently, by telephone or by mail.

• Train brothers to reach out for responsibility in the congregation.

• When the whole congregation gathers for field service, keep an eye on your father's family.

Third, he helps baptized older brothers to qualify for responsibilities. (1 Tim. 3:1) He sincerely commends them, gives them Scriptural counsel, and trains them to become qualified servants of God.

June 2026 15

ministers and deacons. Since the overseers serve as ministers, let the elders appoint those who are more qualified to serve.

5 Consider the example of Jörg, a circuit overseer in Germany. He has many responsibilities in the congregation, as do many elders. He says: "It is not easy to be balanced when there is too much work to do in the congregation, and I find it difficult to reach out to all of my father's family as I have planned. This makes it difficult for me to work with each publisher and to encourage them as I always do. Obed, an elder in Suriname, says: "I enjoy training.

6 If possible, it would be wise to have a limited number of brothers in each field ministry, so that the overseer can get to know each of them and help them to stay close to Jehovah.

An overseer may ask a ministerial servant in his father's household to arrange a field service meeting to train him

(See paragraph 7)

Or, if a servant is appointed by the council to care for those who belong to the household, he can help them to endure the trials of faith.

7 If you serve as a traveling overseer in a congregation without elders, make it your goal to train your ministerial servant to help you care for God's flock. (Read 1 Peter 5:2.) Give him assignments to help you.

5. What challenges do some circuit overseers face?

6. How did the overseer benefit from the presence of those in the field ministry?

7. In congregations where there are no elders, what can a responsible overseer do to care for his father's entire family? (1 Peter 5:2) (See also picture.)

16 Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc.

(2 Tim. 2:2) For example, pioneers and experienced publishers can work with new publishers, and experienced publishers can help those in need to start conversations with fellow believers, to make adjustments, and to conduct Bible studies.

How Foreigners Can Help Their Foreigners

8 Get involved in the ministry. We encourage one another when we share in the ministry with our brothers and sisters. (Read Romans 1:12.) Associating with our brothers and sisters in the ministry can make them feel calm and courageous. If your workplace makes it difficult for you to share in the ministry with your stepfather's family, why not ask your employer to adjust your work schedule? If you are a young person who is in good health but is struggling to make progress in the ministry, why not set aside time each week to share in the ministry with the brothers and sisters in your father's house? Perhaps you may need to reevaluate your savings.

8. How can you help your preaching father? (Romans 1:12)

(Rom. 12:11; Col. 4:5) Your efforts will be beneficial to all parents. Pray that Jehovah will give you both the desire and the strength to please him. - Phil. 2:13.

9 Be kind to your father's household. (Read Romans 12:13.) In some congregations, ministers may arrange for a guest to be invited to a meal with them. Even if the guest is unable to come to a meal with them, the father's household can get together and encourage the parents. I focus on getting to know the brothers better, not on arranging a meal or enjoying the taste of the meal. When we are hospitable and cooperate as a family, we draw closer to Jehovah and our brothers. - Neh. 8:10; Acts 20:35.

10 Improve your ministry by improving your skills in preaching and teaching, and you will enjoy sharing in the ministry with your father.

9. How can we contribute to the love and unity of our preaching fathers? (Romans 12:13)

10. What can we do if we want to expand our ministry? (Proverbs 1:5; 27:17) (See also picture.)

June 2026 17

Having fewer brothers in the field helps us to get to know each other better and to work together in the ministry (See paragraph 10)

(Read Proverbs 1:5; 27:17.) You can tell your supervisor, and he will help you. You can also ask for help from others. That is what Heather did. Despite her embarrassment, she says: "I asked a pioneer to help me on return visits. I was glad to ask for help, because I enjoyed the ministry.

GIVE THE FAMILY of elders what they can do for you

For example, Jehovah uses pioneer fathers to support and care for dearly loved ones, including widows, orphans, and the elderly. (1 Thess. 2:8; Jas. 1:27) They also provide valuable training in various aspects of the translation and teaching work.

12 Consider how Wendy, quoted earlier, benefited from the payment of a preaching debt. "My father's opposition to the truth prevented my mother from going out on weekends to work and serve her family", she says. "But my father allowed me to go, and I did.

13 When we work closely with the father's family in the ministry, we draw closer to them. (Phil. 1:27) Because there are only a few people in the field ministry, those who are shy or shy in the crowd find it easier to make good friends. (2 Cor. 6:13) Such friends help us.

11-12. Illustrate how the debt arrangement will draw you closer to Jehovah.

13. How can cooperating with the publisher help us to make good friends? (See also picture at the beginning.)

18 The Watchtower

(1 Thess. 5:14) No doubt, as the great tribulation draws near, we will need more and more true friends. (Matt. 24:21) Our problems may not be permanent now, but we can cope with them because we know that our loving brothers and sisters are there to help us. - Prov. 17:17.

For example, in each congregation, Congregation Service Committees and disaster overseers arrange for assistance to be provided to those in need. For example, disaster overseers arrange for food and shelter to be provided to the disaster-stricken family members or to ask for help. Emergencies may include medical supplies, drinks, shelter, and clothing. How grateful we are that there are pioneering pioneers in the field who are quick to help us in times of disaster!

15 We know that the heavenly part of Jehovah's organization is composed of tens of thousands of faithful angels, and the earthly part now number more than nine million and is growing every day. (Zech. 8:23; Rev. 5:11) All members of Jehovah's organization are eager to reach as many people as possible with the good news of God's Kingdom.

14. How does a father's arrangement help us when disaster strikes?

15. What is the desire of all members of Jehovah's organization?

Above: Two sisters working together in the field ministry.

How would you respond?

■ How do the overseer and his assistant care for the brothers in their field ministry?

■ What can you do to help him succeed in your ministry?

■ How can you benefit from the ministry father arrangement?

PSALM 61 Keep Moving, You Witnesses!

August 31-September 6, 2026

89th Song

Listen to God and Be Blessed

The Reason

In this article, we will see why we need to listen carefully at meetings and other theocratic activities, and how we can do so.

Pay Attention at the Meetings

Be very careful how you obey him. - Luke 8:18.

JEHOVAH teaches us much today through his Word, the Bible, so we feel as did David, who sang: "Jehovah is my Shepherd; I will have nothing in need". - Read Psalm 23:1, 2, 5.

2 One of the ways in which Jehovah teaches us today is by means of our meetings, which are often based on what we have learned. Even if we are deeply in debt and have a good knowledge of the Bible, we often need reminders. (2 Pet. 1:12) But if you find it difficult to use what we have learned many times at the meetings, why is it important to listen carefully at the meetings? Finally, we will consider how we can listen carefully at the meetings, but first, we will answer this question: Who primarily teaches us at the meetings?

Remember that we are taught by Jehovah

3 Jehovah supplies us with his Word, the Bible. (2 Tim. 3:16, 17) Jesus knew this, so he skillfully used God's Word in teaching so that his listeners could ask: "How does this man know the Scriptures, since he has never studied at school?"

1-2. (a) How does Jehovah teach his people today? (Psalm 23:1, 2, 5) (b) What will we consider in this article?

3. How does Jehovah communicate with us, and how do his servants use his Word in teaching?

20

(Acts 17:2, 3; 18:24, 28) As Jehovah's Witnesses, we know that Jehovah's organization uses the Bible to produce articles, news programs, textbooks, and videos. The way we use the Bible at our meetings impresses those who first come to our meetings.

4 When we read the Bible at our meetings, it is as if Jehovah were speaking to us and listening to us, making it easier for us to understand what he requires of us and to do what is pleasing to him.

WHY do we need to go through these examples again?

5 We attend meetings because we love Jehovah. (Matt. 22:37) As we learn more about Jehovah, our love for him grows, and we are moved to listen to, obey, and worship him in the way he approves. - Read John 4:23, 24; 1 John 5:3.

6 We listen to the meetings because we love our neighbors.

4. What does the words "hear" or "listen" mean?

5. Because we love Jehovah, what do we do? (John 4:23, 24; 1 John 5:3)

6. What does Jehovah teach us at our meetings?

Tips to Help You Be a Good Listener

When asked what has helped some who have served Jehovah for many years to be good listeners at the meetings, the following comments were made:

• Sister Suefawn, baptized in 1986, says: Sit in the front seat so that you can focus on the reader and the videos.

• Brother David, who was baptized in 1983, says: "I regularly pray to Jehovah to help me to focus on what is going on at the meetings.

• Brother Nicolas, baptized in 1982, says: "At each meeting, commend all those who have done their part, and tell them an illustration or an important comment that touched you.

• Brother Augustin, baptized in 1988, says: "I always tell myself that when the faithful slave makes arrangements for a new study, that is exactly what we need.

For example, the booklet Love Others and Help Them to Be Disciples contains many good suggestions on how to cultivate qualities that will help us in the ministry.

June 2026 21

You don't know how to talk to others. You don't know how to talk to others.

Jehovah told his servants in the past that if they obeyed him, they would live, and we would do the same if we did his will. (Deut. 32:44-47) At meetings, we will hear encouragement that will strengthen us to endure trials and to wait patiently for the new world. (Rom. 8:25) It is vital that we obey Jehovah now and remain zealous in his service in these last days. - Matt. 24:42-44; Rev. 1:3.

How We Can Help Others in Their Difficulties

8 It is vital that those who teach at the meetings, especially those who are public speakers, improve their teaching. By taking the time to prepare and base their comments on the Bible, new ones will become convinced of the truth and will be helped to stand firm in the truth.

How can you make your speech clear and organized? The following suggestions can help you: (1) Make the points clear at the beginning of the conversation; (2) discuss the points one at a time; and (3) talk briefly and focus on the points at the end of the conversation.

(Prov. 2:4, 5; Acts 4:20) To make an article appeal to you, you need to meditate on the subject and the scriptures in it. A brother in the United States who is now in his 70's said of a comment he heard when he was a teenager: "I still remember how the reader encouraged us to meditate when we read God's Word. That lesson changed my life, made Bible reading more important, and strengthened my relationship with Jehovah.

11 Focus on how the material will be useful to your listeners and how it will be used, not merely by word of mouth, but by reasoning with them from the Scriptures, as the apostle Paul exemplified in his letter to Timothy.

7. Why is it important to obey Jehovah?

8. Why should men who teach at the meetings train themselves to be effective teachers?

9. How can you make your talk clear to your listeners?

10. Why should you be interested in the subject you are studying?

11. What is the most important thing you can do to help your audience? (1 Timothy 4:13-16)

22 The Watchtower

(Read 1 Timothy 4:13-16.) So it is good to think about how your audience will benefit from the article and help them to see what they need to do.

12 Instead of writing down and reading every word of your talk, try to write down the key points, which will make your speech natural and easy for your audience to understand. The booklet The Key to Reading and Teaching recommends: Speak freely and honestly about how you feel about the article and your audience.

13 Ask an expert lecturer for advice. What can you do? You can show him the key points and apply his suggestions, as well as listen to him in order for him to give you practical advice. (Prov. 1:5) Of course, we all have problems with our teaching, and we need to make adjustments so that we can use the truth of God's Word to the best of our ability.*

How to Rethink Illustrations

14 Appreciate Jehovah's reminders. We need God's reminders to help us to cope in these critical last days. (2 Tim. 3:1) Even if we have been repeatedly criticized in the past, we do well to imitate the fine spirit of the late writer of Psalm 119.

* For further suggestions on how to be an effective liar and teacher, see the brochure Benefit From Reading and Teaching and the book Benefit From Theocratic Ministry School Training.

12. Why is it good to speak naturally when teaching at a table?

13. (a) Why should we seek counsel from qualified teachers? (b) Why should we seek counsel from qualified teachers?

14. How can we imitate the fine spirit of the writer of Psalm 119? (Psalm 119:24, 111, 167)

Ask a qualified teacher to help you improve your teaching (See paragraph 13)

23

Listen carefully at the meetings, not letting your phone or electronic device distract you (See paragraph 17)

God's reminders should be in our hearts too. - Read Psalm 119:24, 111, 167.

15 We can learn from what happened to the Israelites when Jehovah provided them with manna in the wilderness. (Ex. 16:15, 31) No doubt, at first the Israelites appreciated the manna. Rather, we need to remember that the teachings are from Jehovah, that Jehovah's organization has carefully considered them, and that applying what we learn will help us to make wise choices that will lead to everlasting life. - Prov. 3:13, 16-18; John 17:3.

15. How can we show our appreciation for the instruction we receive at our meetings?

16 Learn from others who have been a good listener. Many of our brothers and sisters have served Jehovah for many years but are able to listen well at meetings. What has helped some of them? But when I am unprepared, I can't answer a question, and my mind wanders. Brother József, who has been serving Jehovah for 52 years, says: I enjoy learning about a subject again because it helps me to learn new things and to understand things better. He adds: When a brother is not a mature parent, I try to focus on what he teaches from God's Word, not on his fatherly ability.

17 The following suggestions can help you to listen carefully at the meetings: (1) If you eat before you go to the meeting, you will be better off.

16. (a) What has helped some who have been serving Jehovah for many years to become better listeners at meetings? (b) What can help you to become a better listener?

17. (a) What can help you to pay close attention at the meetings? (b) What can help you to pay close attention at the meetings?

24 The Watchtower

Avoid getting too much sleep, (2) leave the meeting early so that you can find a place to sit, (3) turn off your cell phone or electronic device so that it does not disturb or distract you during the meeting, (4) think before giving a talk about what the speaker might say, (5) focus your attention on the speaker, (6) make brief notes or print reminders of key points, and (7) try to reflect on key scriptures and note how the key points are emphasized. (8) Ask yourself, How can I use this word to help someone in the congregation or in the ministry? (9) At conventions and conventions, consider in advance the theme of the day, the scripture, the program, and the scriptures. (10) To prepare, sit quietly and listen to music or music videos that are played at the beginning of the conventions.

How to Talk to Jehovah

18 It is important that we listen carefully at the meetings, for when we do so, we let Jehovah teach us to do what is right. (Ps. 23:3; 31:3) We do not need Jehovah's reminders to lead us astray from the right path.

18. Why should we continue to pay attention at meetings?

How would you respond?

■ Why should we pay attention at meetings?

■ What can those taking the lead in teaching in the congregation do to help others to be more attentive at the meetings?

■ What can you do to be a good listener at the meetings?

Song 87 - Come and Be Refreshed

My Life Story

Serving Jehovah in Cuba for Nearly 70 Years

How the Apostle Joseph Came to Life

I WAS born in 1947 in the beautiful Caribbean island of Cuba, where the warm waters of the southern Caribbean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean collide.

We lived in peace in that small village, away from our father-in-law, mother-in-law, grandparents, and relatives. We had enough to eat and had a good time.

When I was about five years old, my parents began to study the Bible with Brother Walton Jones, a zealous evangelizer who walked about ten hours to our village. When he found out, many of our relatives visited my grandfather's home and spent hours studying the Bible with them.

At that time, Jehovah's Witnesses in Cuba were free to attend meetings and preach freely. We were well-known for preaching from house to house, carrying bags of valuable Bible literature, and for being well-traveled!

Wicked Days Are Coming

When I was about five years old, my mother and my uncle traveled to the other side of the valley to attend a small circuit assembly. Sadly, my father died of typhoid fever when they returned.

The day after my father died, my mother arranged for our aunt to move away from my grandparents and other close relatives in the village of Lombillo, but we continued to serve Jehovah.

I was baptized on August 26, 1957, in a lake near Lombillo, at the age of ten. I had no idea that within two years, the situation of Jehovah's Witnesses in Cuba would change completely.

26 Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc.

The new government, seeking greater power, decided to expand the army. This made it difficult for us to pay our debts to Jehovah, regardless of where we live, whether we are involved in politics or the military. Gradually, we lost our freedom to assemble and preach together.

(Heb. 10:25) We even held conventions on farms and in other parts of the country. I remember one time when a brother arranged a convention in a large flock of sheep.

We cherished the zealous brothers and sisters who helped us to continue to receive Bible instruction at that time, such as those who recorded assembly speeches for brothers in different parts of the country.

If there is no electricity, the sound of the roaring of the horn and the roar of the harp is heard in the halls of the assembly. Despite our limited circumstances and limited availability of Bible literature as in other lands, we were always provided with Bible-based instruction, and we were happy to serve Jehovah together. - Neh. 8:10.

I Became Proud, Proud, and Deadly

When I was 18, I began pioneering full-time in Florida, and about a year later, I was assigned to serve as a special pioneer in the capital city of Camagüey, where I met Emilia, a beautiful sister from Santiago de Cuba.

I began working full-time in a government sugar factory.

A. Kingdom Ministry School for elders in Camagüey, Cuba, 1966

B. Playing the trumpet, 1967

A

B

D

D. Serving as a circuit overseer in the 1990's

C. Our first assembly after the ban was lifted, in 1994

Assembly of the District of TEMOR PIADOSO 1994

It's all right.

We spent as much time as we could in Jehovah's service, so I worked in the sugar factory from 3 a.m. until 11 a.m. I did not enjoy waking up so early, but that arrangement helped me to stay active in the ministry, and Emilia and I were able to attend all the meetings.

In 1969, our first son, Gustavo, was born. At that time, the organization asked me to serve as a circuit overseer. It was not uncommon in Cuba to have children in circuit overseers.

Now let me tell you about what life was like for Emilia and me during our time in the circuit work.

How We Came to Know God's Word in Our Language

During the 1960's and 1970's, we saw the devastating effects of the ban on our work. All Kingdom Halls were being built, missionaries were expelled from the country, many of our younger brothers were imprisoned, and our branch office in Havana was closed.

Because of the ban, we visited the congregations only on weekends. We visited each congregation for two weeks, often on bicycles and carrying a few items to avoid being noticed. And if we were to prove ourselves, we would be caught. - Rom. 16:4.

28 The Watchtower

What is it?

F.

What is it?

E. Emilia in the circuit work at the Cuban branch in the early 2000's

Yes. Cleaning a Assembly Hall in 2012

F. Graduate program of the Christian Bible School for Married Couples, 2013

We were welcomed by the brothers who were in need; they provided us with plenty of grain, and they provided us with plenty of food.

We were not able to carry all our children, one with my mother and sisters, and the children with us.

When I think of Emilia's efforts to care for the children and to support me in the full-time ministry, I feel even more satisfied with her. In my spare time, I worked in the sugar factory before becoming a circuit overseer. At times, I worked in the sugar factory for more than one or two hours a week so as not to go to work on the weekends. On the weekdays, however, I am not allowed to work, and on the weekends, I am not allowed to work.

How we can imitate the ways of others

At that meeting, the brothers in charge discussed with us some of the changes in the organization, and then they handed us a slip, which we failed to get. The brothers said that they wanted to name us to the authorities!

They explained that they had repeatedly met with government officials in order to improve relations between the government and Jehovah's Witnesses.

June 2026 29

Members of the Cuban Branch Committee, 2013

With the help of other members of the Bethel family, especially my wife, Emilia, I was able to adjust my thinking.

Emilia and I have grown up, but our greatest joy is to think of all the brothers and sisters whom we have come to know and have served with us over the years. We are especially happy that our children, grandchildren, and great-grandchildren are serving Jehovah. We feel as did the elderly apostle John, who said: "I have no greater joy than this: to hear that my children are walking in the truth". - 3 John 4.

Emilia and I have been serving at Bethel for nearly 30 years, struggling to cope with health problems and old age, but we are happy to have served the happy God for nearly 70 years on this island! - 1 Tim. 1:11; Ps. 97:1.

With our daughter and her husband at a circuit assembly

The governors ordered them to send us a list of all the officers of the city, so that we could be reconciled with the governors.

In addition, we preach freely, even though our organization is not yet registered as a religious organization. We learned that the authorities already knew the names of some traveling overseers, but they simply wanted us to verify their information.

In September 1994, we were allowed to return to the local branch office, and it turned out that we used the same building we had rented 20 years earlier.

Then, in 1996, Emilia and I received a telephone call from the branch to serve at Bethel, and to our surprise, I informed the brothers that we had two young children left at home to care for.

After many years of serving as a traveling overseer, my heart and mind remained focused on the ministry.

30 The Watchtower

Questions From Readers Again

What two covenants did the apostle Paul refer to at Galatians 4:24?

■ After describing the relationship between Abraham, Sarah, and Hagar, the apostle Paul said: "These things are symbolic; for these women represent two covenants.

(Gal. 4:25) Hagar symbolizes the Law covenant that God made with the Israelites at Mount Sinai in 1513 B.C.E. (Ex. 19:5, 6) The Law reminded the Jews that they were slaves to sin and that they needed a Messiah, the only means of salvation for mankind. 10:4.

(Gal. 4:23) That promise is the covenant that God made with Abraham. (Gal. 3:29; 4:28, 30) This covenant is summarized at Genesis 22:18: "Through your [Abraham's] seed all the families of the earth will be blessed because you have obeyed my voice".

God's covenant with Abraham reveals much about Jehovah's promise in the garden of Eden. (Gen. 3:15) It reveals that the foretold Seed would come from Abraham's family line.

Why did Paul use this illustration to illustrate something special? He pointed out that while Jews in his day would have been enslaved as Hagar was, they would have been set free as Sarah was set free from sin and death by adopting the primary part of Abraham's offspring, Jesus Christ.

Unfortunately, when some Jews in the congregation urged Gentile converts to obey the Law and to be circumcised, Paul warned those who became Christians not to be under the law but to be free through faith in Christ. - Gal. 5:1, 10-14.

* This is a replacement for the information found in the March 15, 2006, meeting room, pages 10-12.

June 2026 31

The Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc.

What is the meaning of the Bible?

From this chapter

Study article for August 10-16 2

How to Maintain Integrity in the Face of Trials of Faith

Study articles for August 17-23 8

How to Make Friends With Christian Brothers and Sisters

Study article for August 24-30 14

Benefit From the Ministry Vocal Program

Study article for August 31 through September 6 20

Pay Attention at the Meetings

Story of Life 26

Serving Jehovah in Cuba for Nearly 70 Years

PAGE 31 Questions From Readers

What the Bible Says

Animals Saved in the Past

Many Bible readers knew that some of Jesus' followers were fishermen. (Mark 1:16-20) They used nets to catch fish in the Sea of Galilee.

When they do, they tie each other's nets, and they become nets of all kinds. Usually, they pull small nets and pull them to the bottom, but when the winds blow, they pull them out and throw them into the water.

(Luke 5:6) The Bible tells of James and John throwing pigs into the net. (Matt. 4:21) It is likely that the fishermen would throw their nets back every time they returned from the net. Luke also reports that the fishermen were pulling their nets.

And he called the men who had brought the nets to catch fish, and said to them, "Come, fish in your nets".

It is part of a worldwide Bible education work that is supported by voluntary donations.

The cited passages are from the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures, unless otherwise noted.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) June 2026 is published by the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Go to jw.org, or scan this code on your computer

JW.ORG ®

w26.06