The Joy of Giving

Knowledge

For when men see that man's heart is humble, and that man's heart is kind, and that man's fear is kind, there will be freedom, and justice, and peace in the world.

Because this revolt and this disregard for human liberty have given rise to enmity and wickedness, and have disturbed the conscience of men, and have given rise to a new life, showing themselves free to speak freely, to work without need, and because they have denied that this is the basis of human hope.

For it is not expedient that any one should boast of the last acts, by which one can fight enmity and jealousy, since the law protects the freedom of speech.

Since it is necessary for friendship between nations,

Since the people of the United Nations have emphasized their faith in the Basic Law, that human dignity and the preciousness of worship are precious, that both male and female are equal, and that they are striving for a better life, that men may live as brothers in poverty,

Since the nations of the world have agreed with the United Nations that they will respect the truthfulness of the word of God, so that each person may have his own right to liberty and freedom,

For we have a clear understanding of the gospel of salvation and of the salvation of men.

the general assembly of the assembly

and proclaimed:

It is hoped that:

This declared Declaration of Human Rights will be a single basic standard, available to all individuals and nations, and will be deliberately ignored by the United Nations or any other organization, promulgated, interpreted, accepted, and administered by its own national and international agencies to the member states of the United Nations and all its affiliates.

Commandment 1.

All of us are created equal, each one of us having the same mind and intelligence. Therefore, love one another, honor one another, honor one another.

Commandment 2.

The preaching of the gospel is open to all: there is no discrimination between blacks and whites, between men and women, between languages, between churches, between politics, between homicides, between races, between races, etc.

Moreover, we do not trust any other nation, whether a nation is independent or subject to another nation.

Commandment 3.

Everyone has the right to live in peace and freedom without any harm to his own body.

Commandments 4.

Let no man eat of any man; for the sale of the sword and the sword shall be forbidden.

Commandment 5.

Thou shalt not oppress a man in any way, nor make a reproach unto him in the way of wickedness.

Commandment 6.

Every man who comes before the law must be acknowledged as a man.

Commandments 7.

For all men are equal in the sight of the law. The law protects all men, and there is no favoritism. But the law does not show favoritism.

Commandments 8.

If anyone breaks one of these laws and goes against another, he is entitled to judgment under the law.

Commandments 9.

Let no one be caught in the open, and let no one be buried in the grave, and let no one be put to death without cause.

The Ten Commandments.

If a man is accused of a crime and is brought before a court, let the courts judge him fairly, and let the courts judge him innocently.

11 commandments.

If there is a charge against him, and he is unable to investigate it, and the truth of the matter is not established, he is guilty only when the law is proved, and even when he is brought before the court, he has the right to appeal.

No one can impose unjust penalties on anyone who has sinned before the law or under the laws of nations. If there is punishment before the law, then the same punishment is due.

12 commandments.

Let no one be a slanderer, or a slanderer, or a rabbi, or a slanderer, or a slanderer; let no one be a burden to anyone.

Commandments 13.

Everyone has the right to go anywhere, to live anywhere in any country.

Everyone has the right to leave any country, including his own, and to return to his own country.

14 commandments.

If a man is persecuted by his own countrymen and wants to perish, he must flee to a foreign country to find refuge there.

If a person commits a crime that is not politically neutral or against the United Nations, he is not obligated by this law to protect himself from that crime.

Commandments 15.

It is the duty of every man to go to another man and become a citizen.

No one can make up his mind, and no one can change his mind. If anyone wants to change his mind, he must change his mind, and no one can stop him.

The 16 commandments.

Let mature men and women marry and have children, when their bodies, minds, and religion are not permitted to marry or divorce.

If they agree to marry each other, they must agree to marry each other.

The foundation of a father, mother, and children is the foundation of a relationship, and it is the foundation's duty to protect society.

17 commandments.

Each one has a duty to his own interests and to the interests of others.

He shall not take away the property of another without cause, nor shall he take away the property of another without cause.

The 18 commandments.

It is the duty of every man to have his own mind, his own mind, and to go to any church he wishes, and to make a conversion, publicly or secretly, without hindrance, whether there be a multitude or a few.

Commandments 19.

It is the duty of every person to express his or her opinion without hindrance, and everyone can also advocate in any way to express his or her opinion, regardless of nationality or nationality.

The 20 commandments.

It is the duty of all to live in harmony with one another, and it is the duty of all to be united in harmony with one another.

No one should be forced to join a church unless he wants to.

Commandments 21.

It is the duty of every man to judge his own nation, and to speak, and to speak, and to declare, and to declare, and to declare.

Every man is entitled to his own inheritance, and his own inheritance, and his own inheritance, and his inheritance, and his inheritance, and his inheritance, and his inheritance, and his inheritance, and his inheritance, and his inheritance, and his inheritance, and his inheritance, and his inheritance, and his inheritance, and his inheritance, and his inheritance, and his inheritance, and

The people's government is supposed to be what they want. They are not allowed to vote without discrimination, and no one can see each other in elections, and everyone over the age of eighteen still serves this office.

Commandments 22.

It is the duty of every nation to protect every citizen; it is the duty of every citizen to enjoy, prosper, and prosper according to the economic, cultural, and cultural capacities of a nation by means of the strength or cooperation of that nation with another nation.

Commandments 23.

Every man's duty is to work, and every man's duty is to do it freely. The law does not protect the worker from the law, but it gives him pleasure in his work.

Everyone who works must be paid what is due him, without discrimination.

It is each man's duty to do whatever he chooses, to earn and pay for the work that will enable him and his spouse and children to live happily, as human beings, and, wherever possible, to receive some form of governmental assistance to protect him from a crisis.

It is the duty of every man to sit or to join a company to defend his own business or to defend himself.

24 commandments.

It is the duty of every man to rest and to work according to his due time. Sometimes the other is allowed to pay his wages.

Commandments 25.

It is the duty of every human being to enjoy the well-being of himself, of his spouse and of his dependent children. The well-being of the family includes food, shelter, housing, nursing care and all the necessities of human life, even if it involves loss of employment or disability, or widowhood or old age, or any other inconvenience to his life which is not due to his fault, it is his duty to have a decent life.

All mothers, especially those who nursed children, should be treated with dignity, for the children born of the lawful marriage are children of the lawful marriage, and the children of the virgin are children in need of proper care.

Commandments 26.

It is the duty of every person to attend school and study. Early childhood education is a free elementary education. Elementary school is compulsory for every child. Many industries and industries must be opened up, and, if supported by someone, to continue at a university, when there is no discrimination.

The main advantages of education are that a person learns to be successful in his or her life, understands his or her duties, and has a better understanding of his or her freedoms. In doing so, it fosters understanding, tolerance, and friendship among nations and nations, among all religious faiths, and contributes to the achievement of the goals of the United Nations to achieve global peace.

It is the primary responsibility of all parents to teach their children the same kind of education they want them to have in the future.

27 commandments.

It is the duty of every man to enjoy his own culture, to participate in all its activities, and to benefit from the fruits of Natural Philosophy.

For he that hath written a book of his own mind, or hath done any thing in his own name, is obliged that the people should keep it, and that his labour should not be in vain.

Commandments 28.

It is the duty of every man to live happily and joyfully in peace in his own country or in another nation, so that what has been discorded may be fulfilled by the Declaration of the United Nations.

Commandments 29.

It is the duty of every man, according to his strength, and according to his wisdom, to help the high place, for it is there that he shall do according to his desire.

Even though each one should exercise self - control, he should exercise self - control in order to protect himself and his fellowman from harm, each one should respect the laws of his own country or of the society in which he lives.

These rights and freedoms should not be interpreted in any way contrary to the will of the United Nations.

Commandments 30

This decree was made without prejudice to any nation or group, so that nothing could be done based on this decree and to violate the good conscience of human rights and freedoms guaranteed by the United Nations.