FREEDOM and JUSTICE The Republic of Ghana

Giving Thanks

2023 WORLDWIDE Assembly of Jehovah's Witnesses

A simplified and understandable explanation of the 2023 National Budget

We are working together to re-energise the National Economy and make it stronger through tourism and entrepreneurship

2 Government of Ghana 2023 National Budget

We are working together to re-energise the National Economy and make it stronger through tourism and entrepreneurship

How Citizens can ask questions

Information about the 2023 National Fiscal Policy and the National Budget is available at the following links:

How can we be sure that Jehovah will not abandon us?

For more information, please contact the Public Relations Department of the Ministry of Finance at the following addresses:

Office of the Director of Public Relations

New Building

Ground Floor

Room 001 or 003

P. O. Box 40 MB

Accra Ghana

How can we be sure that Jehovah will not abandon us?

Translated by: Bureau of Ghana Languages

3 Government of Ghana 2023 National Budget

We are working together to re-energise the National Economy and make it stronger through tourism and entrepreneurship

4 Government of Ghana 2023 National Budget

We are working together to re-energise the National Economy and make it stronger through tourism and entrepreneurship

Contents of the Issue

In the first century C.E., the apostle Paul wrote a letter to Christians in Rome, where he urged them to "continue walking in the truth".

What are some of the benefits of studying the Bible with Jehovah's Witnesses?

It is also important to be aware of the dangers of overindulging in alcoholic beverages, which can be harmful to your health.

In the year 2023, there will be an increase in the number of people with disabilities.

It is also important to be aware of the dangers of overindulging in alcoholic beverages and the dangers of overindulging in alcoholic beverages and the dangers of overindulging in alcoholic beverages and the dangers of overindulging in alcoholic beverages and the dangers of overindulging in alcoholic beverages and the dangers of overindulgence in alcoholic beverages and the dangers of overindulgence in alcoholic beverages and the dangers of overindulgence in alcoholic beverages and the dangers of overindulgence in alcoholic beverages and the dangers

It is not possible for a man to be born again if he is not circumcised, but if he is not circumcised, he cannot be born again if he is not circumcised.

In the first century C.E., the apostle Paul wrote to fellow Christians in Rome, asking them: "Do you not know that God is not partial, but in every nation the man that fears him and works righteousness is acceptable to him?

Make a List of the Tables:

Table 1: Cash inflows from January-February 2022 page 14

Table 2: Operating expenses as of January-February 2022 .........15

Table 3: The current state of the national debt (2018 January, 2022) .........16

Table 4: Amounts for the year 2023 (in GH¢ Million) ................21

Table 5: Cash flows for the year 2023 (in GH¢ Million) .....................22

5 Government of Ghana 2023 National Budget

We are working together to re-energise the National Economy and make it stronger through tourism and entrepreneurship

Now we are in a very difficult situation because of the volatile price of fuel and the decline of our currency, as well as the increase in the prices of agricultural and petroleum products in the world. These have caused a sharp decline in the value of our currency and have caused economic hardship to the people through the struggle for monetary stability. Despite this, we will not give up.

6 Government of Ghana 2023 National Budget

We are working together to re-energise the National Economy and make it stronger through tourism and entrepreneurship

The Happiness of an Apostle

This year will undoubtedly be one of the most challenging economic years in our country's history. As in many other parts of the world, we were hit by the COVID-19 pandemic in the first half of 2020, which led to a sharp downturn in the economy, a sharp increase in the country's gross domestic product, and an unprecedented debt crisis.

As soon as we started implementing the Positive Reforms Program and thought that we were now trying to free ourselves from the effects of this crisis, other problems arose, resulting in the collapse of all the elements of economic stability that we had built up from 2017 to 2019. The first was the Russia-Ukraine war, and the second was the time we wasted in the preparation of the financing plan for the 2022 financial year, resulting in the suspension of our eligibility for loans by international lenders. Then, about ten years ago, all of a sudden the Universal Credit Union refused to lend to us, and the borrowing problems in this country became so bad that interest rates went up so much that the cost of borrowing went up, and our debt went down.

This means that, while our foreign exchange earnings from international borrowing and export earnings are declining, as well as our demand for foreign goods is increasing, the cost of importing goods is also increasing, and the cost of exporting goods is increasing, and our financial burden is decreasing. This has made life difficult for both the Government and the private sector. As a result of rising oil prices, inflation has reached 40.4% in June 2022 and 40.4% in October 2022.

We have been put to the most severe test and the Government knows the hardships that this situation will cause you. The Government is deeply sympathetic to the groups

7 Government of Ghana 2023 National Budget

We are working together to re-energise the National Economy and make it stronger through tourism and entrepreneurship

the following civil society leaders: Members of Parliament, Employers' Associations, Workers' Associations, Social Welfare Associations, Religious Associations, Ghana Engineering Associations, Ghana Business Associations, Educational Associations, Professionals and citizens who continue to have faith in us as we continue to address these challenges.

On behalf of President Nana Addo Danquah Akuffo-Addo, I pledge to all Ghanaians that the Government is undertaking a series of measures to strengthen the economic stability of the country and bring the national economy back to the country, we have been able to invest in the national economy, we have implemented a policy of reform of the public sector, we have expanded the scope of technology and services, we have eliminated the import of unnecessary foreign goods into this country, we have become a major exporter of goods, we have expanded the domestic manufacturing industry to produce some of the goods we import from abroad in this country and now we have become a charity for the poor and the underprivileged. and the protection of his life.

And he said to them, "Because of the greatness of your power and of your might, and because of the greatness of your power and of the greatness of your might,

God bless us!

He is a member of the Democratic Party.

Minister of Finance

8 Government of Ghana 2023 National Budget

We are working together to re-energise the National Economy and make it stronger through tourism and entrepreneurship

Knowledge

1. The National Budget for 2023 is a summary of the Government's performance in 2022 and the amount of money the Government expects to receive for implementing its policies and programs in 2023. The theme of the National Budget is "We will work together to re-energize the Public Sector and strengthen it.

2. In recent years, almost every time we have a new budget, we have created a new infrastructure, ignoring what is happening. This situation has not only caused a crisis in our economy, but has also made the country continue to pay for infrastructure, which has increased the cost of infrastructure so much that the debt that should have been paid on the delayed date with interest, also increases.

3. In 2023, the Government will implement other programs and projects, but we will make it our priority to complete all the ongoing engineering projects.

9 Government of Ghana 2023 National Budget

We are working together to re-energise the National Economy and make it stronger through tourism and entrepreneurship

What is your hope for the future?

The foundation of the economic development of the State

4. In the Mid-Year Fiscal Policy Review for 2022, the Government has set the following targets for national economic growth in 2022:

i. Overall Real GDP growth of 3.7 percent;

ii. The country's non-oil real GDP growth rate of to 4.3 percent;

iii. End-period inflation of 28.5 percent;

iv. Overall fiscal deficit of 6.6 percent of GDP;

v. Primary surplus of 0.4 percent of GDP; and

vi. Amount of Foreign Currency required to live on for at least three and a half months.

5. A report on the state of the economy from October to the end of April 2022 indicates that the effects of the global and domestic economic crisis continue to be felt by the public. The main causes of this situation are the country's declining balance of payments, inflation, debt distress, poor financial stability and poor external finances. All these problems have hit us regardless of the policies implemented by the Government. The report on the state of the economy from October to the end of April 2022 reads as follows:

i. The gross domestic product increased by 0.4% in the first six months of 2022 compared to 0.3% in the same period of 2021;

10 Government of Ghana 2023 National Budget

We are working together to re-energise the National Economy and make it stronger through tourism and entrepreneurship

ii. Price increases from 33.9% in August (33.9% in August) and 37.2% in April (37.2% in September) to 40.4% in October (2022) resulting in higher prices for agricultural and food commodities;

iii. The overall budget deficit on cash basis was 7.4 percent of GDP against a target of 6.2 percent of GDP, while the primary deficit was 2.0 percent of GDP against a target of a deficit of 1 percent of GDP. The overspending was due to the repayment of a large amount of debt from 2021 and several years ago, as well as current debts;

iv. The debt held by the State as a percentage of the Gross Domestic Product is seventy-five per cent and nine per cent in the month of April in the year 2022, as compared to seventy-six per cent and seven per cent in the month of October in the year 2021, as a result of the decline in the agricultural sector and the consequences of our fiscal deficit;

V. The Foreign Currency Reserves of the State shall be increased to five hundred and ninety-one million dollars and two cents at the end of April, with a maturity of two months and nine days in 2022, and to nine hundred and ninety-five million dollars and two cents at the end of October, 2021, with a maturity of four months and three days; and

vi. The strength of Ghana's currency against the U.S. dollar decreased by 54% over the past two months, down from 4% at the end of April 2021, while the strength of Ghana's currency against the British pound decreased by 48% over the same period.

11 Government of Ghana 2023 National Budget

We are working together to re-energise the National Economy and make it stronger through tourism and entrepreneurship

the five-year average was 3% and then only 1% at the end of October 2021.

12 Government of Ghana 2023 National Budget

We are working together to re-energise the National Economy and make it stronger through tourism and entrepreneurship

A Tribute to the WORK OF WORKING IN THE WORLD through the year 2022

6. In the first six months of 2022, we implemented the Fiscal Policy Reform in response to the global and domestic economic turmoil.

7. A report on the Government's economic policy from October to April 2022 shows that revenues from government spending have declined significantly while spending has remained stable over the same period.

Debt Spreading to Other Countries

8. The total amount of funds received and distributed to the country reached 65 million, 399 million, representing 11.0 percent of gross domestic product (GH¢65,399 million - 11.0 percent of GDP), with a target of 67 million, 307 million, representing 11.4 percent of gross domestic product (GH¢67,307 - 11.4 percent of GDP) compared to the same period in 2021, reaching a total of 49 million, 108 million, representing 70.7 percent of gross domestic product (GH¢49,108 million - 10.7 percent of GDP).

9. Comparing the actual amount of Gold that was withdrawn to the target amount, it was apparent that the amount had decreased by one million, nine hundred and nine or 2.8 percent (GH¢1,909 million or 2.8 percent) and the economic growth by thirty-three percent and two points (33.2 percent).

10. Table 1 shows the percentage of revenues from October to the end of January 2022.

13 Government of Ghana 2023 National Budget

We are working together to re-energise the National Economy and make it stronger through tourism and entrepreneurship

Table 1: Cash inflows from January-February 2022

Non-Oil and Non-Tax Revenue 10%

Interest on gold, 7%

Oil and Gas...

Gifts of money, 1%

Non-Oil Tax Revenue, 68% of the total revenue generated by the Company

Our Role and Responsibility

11. Government expenditures, including current and non-current expenditures, reached GH¢109,421 million, or 18.5 percent of GDP, exceeding GH¢103,992 million, or 17.6 percent of GDP, or 17.2 percent of the targeted expenditures. The source of the slightly higher operating costs is the contributions and fees we pay to Government Agencies.

14 Government of Ghana 2023 National Budget

We are working together to re-energise the National Economy and make it stronger through tourism and entrepreneurship

12. The use of money is shown in Table 2.

Table 2: Operating expenses as of January-February 2022

10% of the cost of a bed bug infestation

Funding for Government Projects 16%

Interest rate 29%

Funding for other projects 7%

Other debts 9%

Cash dividends 0%

Compensation of Employees 25%

Property taxes 4%

How to Cope With Financial Distress

13. The government's economic performance during the period in question exceeded the target. The surplus amounted to 44,022 million ¢, representing 7.4% of GDP, while the target expenditure was 36,684 million ¢, representing 6.2% of GDP. We received most of the surplus from this country. External debt also rose to 6.531 million, or 1.1% of gross domestic product (GH¢6.531 million - 1.1% of GDP).

National Debt by 2022

14. Current estimates show that as of the end of February 2022, the country's total debt stood at 467,371.32 million pounds sterling (GH¢467,371.32 million) to the U.S. dollar, or 48,871.34 million pounds sterling (US$48,871.34 million) of gross domestic product.

15 Government of Ghana 2023 National Budget

We are working together to re-energise the National Economy and make it stronger through tourism and entrepreneurship

Seventy-five percent of GDP (75.9 percent of GDP). The national debt consists of the national debt and the foreign debt. The national debt of the country is 195,657.61 million guilders (GH¢195,657.61 million) which is 31.8% of GDP, while the external debt of the country is 271,713.71 million guilders (GH¢271,713.71 million) which is 44.1% of GDP.

15. The increase in the national debt of this country is due to the increase in the interest rate on loans, and the increase in the foreign debt is due to the increase in the weight of this country's currency.

Table 3: The current state of the national debt (2018 April, 2022)

External Debt Domestic Debt Total Public Debt Rate of Debt Accumulation Total Debt/GDP 700.0 74.4% 76.7% 75.9% 56.1% 61.2% 600.0 33.6% 32.7% 21.4% 26.1% 20.7% 500.0 467.4 400.0 352.1 195.7 291.6 Stock of Debt (in billions of GH¢) 300.0 218.2 181.8 173.1 149.8 200.0 105.5 271.7 86.9 100.0 170.3 141.8 112.7 86.2 - 2018 2019 2020 2021 Sept. 2022 Stock of Debt (in billions of GH¢) 300.0 218.2 181.8 173.1 149.8 200.0 105.5 271.7 86.9 100.0 170.3 141.8 112.7 86.2 - 2018 2019 2021 Sept. 2022 Stock of Debt (in billions of GH¢) is the amount of debt that is owed by the government to the government.

Source: Ministry of Finance (MoF)

16 Government of Ghana 2023 National Budget

We are working together to re-energise the National Economy and make it stronger through tourism and entrepreneurship

National economic sustainability targets for the year 2023

16. As a result of the National Economic Policy Development Guidelines, the Government has committed to achieve the following Economic Development Goals in the near term (2023-2026):

I. The first four-hundredth part of all the produce of this land, and the third part thereof;

ii. four per cent of the gross national product excluding Fango;

iii. Eight percent of the year-end stock price, which may increase or decrease by two percent;

iv. At least 1% of Gross Domestic Product (GDP) to be spent on photography for the next three years (2023-2026); and

v. Amount of Foreign Currency required for living expenses for four months.

17. In view of the objectives of the economic development framework and the objectives of the economic policy of the same magnitude, we have set ourselves the following objectives of economic stability to be achieved by 2023:

i. Two-thirds of all the produce of this country, and then eight-tenths;

ii. three per cent of the gross national product excluding Fango;

He measured the end-of-month commodity-value-of-the-earth by eighteen hundredths and then by nine hundredths;

iv. The amount of money to be borrowed shall not be less than zero percent of the gross domestic product and not less than seven percent; and

v. Amount of Foreign Currency required to purchase goods for more than three months and three days.

17 Government of Ghana 2023 National Budget

We are working together to re-energise the National Economy and make it stronger through tourism and entrepreneurship

This article will help you to see how you can benefit from the Kingdom-preaching and disciple-making work.

Financial Planning and Budgeting

18. With a view to the implementation of the economic policy, the Government has submitted to this House for consideration and approval an economic policy with a value of 1.35 per cent of the gross domestic product (GDP), including the following:

• Adjusted tariffs on cigarettes and tobacco products to align with the ECOWAS tariff system, and raised tariffs on spirits to include beer.

• Increase the VAT rate from 12% to 15% and increase the VAT rate on goods and services, as well as take steps to reduce the VAT rate on goods and services.

• The National Fiscal Stabilisation Levy (NFSL) will be replaced by the Growth and Sustainability Levy (GSL) to address all the issues.

• Reduce the Electronic Transfer Levy from 1.5 percent to 1 percent (1) and eliminate fraudulent payments.

• Other programs include:

○ The sale of the so-called 5G Electromagnetic Spectrum;

○ Maintain an open door policy;

○ Walk around the Jubilee Field to get the Additional Oil Entitlement (AEO); and then

18 Government of Ghana 2023 National Budget

We are working together to re-energise the National Economy and make it stronger through tourism and entrepreneurship

And it came to pass in the days of Noah, when the waters of the flood were gone over the face of the earth, that the waters of the flood came upon the face of the earth, and the waters of the flood came upon the face of the earth, and the waters of the flood came upon the face of the earth, and the waters of the flood came upon the face of the earth, and the waters of the flood came upon the face of the earth.

How to Manage Money

19. Subsequent to the monetary policy, the Government shall adopt the following monetary policy measures to promote economic growth:

• Increase the LEAP budget from Ghs45 to Ghs90, and increase the number of beneficiaries from 344,185 to Ghs395 million. These changes will increase the LEAP budget for 2022 from Ghs197.5 to Ghs395 million;

• The amount of compensation paid to cooks for school lunches will be increased to Ghs138 million,

• We will continue to train Prime Ministers, Deputy Prime Ministers, Ministers, Deputy Ministers, Ministers of Cities, Municipalities, and Suburbs, and others assigned to specific Government functions, including the heads of State Owned Enterprises with 30% salary increase;

• We will decrease the amount of financial bills we receive from our final budget from the current twenty-five percent to seventy-five percent;

• By the end of 2023, we will transfer all remaining funds to the Global Financial Reporting and Management System (GIFMIS) and ensure that they are transferred to the Global Financial Reporting and Management System (GIFMIS)

19 Government of Ghana 2023 National Budget

We are working together to re-energise the National Economy and make it stronger through tourism and entrepreneurship

He has studied all aspects of economics and financial management.

• Establish an annual plan to raise the salary cap of State owned enterprises (SOEs) above the so-called Single Spine salary cap;

Fundraising for 2023

20. By 2023, the amount of money the Government intends to raise through financial incentives and grants will reach Ghana's Gross Domestic Product (GDP) of GH¢143,956 million (equivalent to 18.0% of GDP) and will create a sustainable economy - primarily through taxation - that will generate approximately 1.35 percent of GDP.

21. The total amount of funds and donations received by the country will be worth to Ghana one hundred and forty-one million five hundred and fifty-two (GH¢141,552), reflecting an annual economic growth rate of forty-six percent over the next six years, which is higher than the forecast for 2022. The total amount of donations received by donors will be worth to Ghana two hundred and forty-three million (GH¢2,403 million) (worth to Ghana less than five percent of the value of the country's gross domestic product (0.5% of GDP).

20 Government of Ghana 2023 National Budget

We are working together to re-energise the National Economy and make it stronger through tourism and entrepreneurship

Table 4: Budget for 2023 (in GH¢ Million)

Gifts of money: GH¢2,404

Other money: GH¢6,151

Fango currency in GH¢23,455

Money not from oil and not from oil. GH¢12,308

He bought non-oil money for GH$99,639.

The average income in this country is GH¢141,553.

The amount of money we receive is donated.

Source: Ministry of Finance (MoF)

Budgeting for 2023

22. The total expenditure (including interest) is expected to be GHC205,431, representing 25.6% of Gross Domestic Product (GDP). Compared to the forecast for 2022, this calculation shows that the primary expenditure was 0.3% of Gross Domestic Product (GDP) and reflects the Government's commitment to sound economic policies. The budget for 2023 is summarized in Table 5.

21 Government of Ghana 2023 National Budget

We are working together to re-energise the National Economy and make it stronger through tourism and entrepreneurship

Table 5: Budget allocation for 2023 (in GH¢ Million)

Debt to be paid GH¢14,435

Funds for other projects GH¢27,636

Grants for government projects GH¢30,079

Income from GH¢52,550

GH¢27,694 for electrical engineering

Property and property insurance GH¢8,048

Salary of employees GH¢44,990

Amount of project funding GH¢205,432

Source: Ministry of Finance (MoF)

Economic Policy Priorities and Economic Projects for 2023

23. If we take into account the amount of money that will be received and distributed, (including all payments), the total amount will be GH¢61,475 million, which is equivalent to 7.7% of the value of the gross domestic product. In comparison, the final cost will be GH¢8,925 million, which is equivalent to 1.1% of the value of the gross domestic product.

24. We will obtain the additional funds needed to increase our reserves through external and domestic channels. Additional funds from our multilateral and bilateral negotiations will be derived from the increase in our negotiations with the International Monetary Fund (IMF).

22 Government of Ghana 2023 National Budget

We are working together to re-energise the National Economy and make it stronger through tourism and entrepreneurship

THE RIGHTEOUSNESS OF WORKING IN THE CHURCH and the fact that the Bible is the Word of God

25. This section outlines the Government's efforts in implementing the government flagship projects initiated in various departments in 2022 and the planned activities to be undertaken in 2023.

26. All these activities and initiatives are based on the Government's Medium-Term National Development Policy Framework, 2022-2026. The purpose of these activities is to support the Government in achieving the objectives related to COVID-19 in Ghana and Private Sector Rehabilitation Assistance (Ghanacares) as well as in the implementation of the agreed strategies contained in the UN Agenda 2030, the SDGs and the African Union Agenda 2063.

27. This section outlines the Government's efforts in the areas and agencies of the State in 2022 and the role it will play in 2023.

Food Security

28. As part of the government's efforts to increase the value of tree crops, the government provided 2.7 million saplings to farmers in the 2022 agricultural season.

29. On the basis of the Rearing for Food and Jobs module, the Government purchased 120 000 chickens and distributed them to 1000 female chicken farmers in 9 MMDAs, namely (Savelugu, Sagnarigu, Wa Municipal, Nandom, Sissala East, Krachi East, Nkwanta South, Techiman North and Nkoranza).

23 Government of Ghana 2023 National Budget

We are working together to re-energise the National Economy and make it stronger through tourism and entrepreneurship

a 120-capacity poultry battery cage to house the chickens.

30. In addition, we purchased 3,750 small ruminants and distributed them to forty-five (45) farmers' cattle stations for testing in order to alleviate crop problems and to help them fulfill their social responsibilities.

31. In 2023, the Government will manage the planting and distribution of 5.65 million tonnes of cashew, shea, coconut, oil palm, mango, and rubber to 175,000 farmers.

32. In 2022, the Government based on the One District One Warehouse programme completed 65 grain warehouses and added eighty thousand metric tons to the national capacity to store grain as food, to eliminate the harvesting that destroys the forest, allowing farmers to reap the benefits of their work.

33. In 2023, the Government will complete the third phase of the Tamne field-to- sewage project, excavating sewage treatment plants in Sunyeri, Tousal/Jeyiri, Tasundo and Gilang and excavating field-to- sewage treatment plants in other possible locations in Vunania and Gilang.

A step toward an unprepared earth

34. In view of the recent increase in demand for inorganic fertilisers and the dramatic rise in their prices due to the global crisis, the Government has suspended the participation of traders in the sale of inorganic fertilisers in order to reduce the quantity needed to purchase them. This step has helped in the development of agriculture and has also helped in the eradication of hunger.

24 Government of Ghana 2023 National Budget

We are working together to re-energise the National Economy and make it stronger through tourism and entrepreneurship

35. In 2023, the Government will receive support from the EXIM bank for the construction of new production facilities and expansion of existing facilities.

36. In 2022, the Government, through the Aquaculture for Food and Jobs (AFJ) program, established 124 holding facilities - 108 ponds and 16 cages - for aquaculture, distributed 17,460 bags of aquaculture food, and distributed aquaculture products to twenty-five fish farms and businesses. Moreover, we have trained two hundred and twenty-four people in the best methods of farming, and four hundred and eight fish farmers, whom we have trained in the best methods of producing fish food in this country.

37. In 2023, the Government will allocate 300 earthen ponds, 40 cages, 52 tarpaulin tanks, 35000 bags of seafood, 3 million tilapia and catfish to a group of communities.

The Cocoa Program

38. In the cocoa sector, we employed youth in various activities such as rehabilitation, cocoa replanting, mass spraying, fertilizer application, and mass pruning of cocoa trees and employed 147,000 youth to facilitate the rural-urban migration.

25 Government of Ghana 2023 National Budget

We are working together to re-energise the National Economy and make it stronger through tourism and entrepreneurship

39. In 2023, the Government will continue these initiatives, thereby creating jobs, strengthening the existing ones, and reducing the burden on the government for jobs that do not exist.

Firepower

40. In order to reduce energy losses while delivering electricity to the required customers in the region and its entire system, we have completed, the Firaw District-Achimota power line project (161kV Volta-Achimota-Mallam Transmission Line Upgrade).

41. In order to achieve electrification of all parts of the country by the year 2024, by the year 2022, one hundred and fifty-seven (157) districts have been registered in the National Electricity Register, thereby increasing the electricity availability in the country from eighty-seven percent (87.03%) in 2021 to eighty-eight fifty-four (88.54%).

42. In view of the government's objective to provide electricity to the towns that are surrounded by water (islands) and where it is difficult to reach, we have started the construction of three power stations in Azizkpe, Aflive and Alorkpem in Ada East Mansini in Accra Region.

43. By 2023, the Government will complete the preparations for the Nkran-Kumasi power line and the Western Power Line repair project, and will provide assistance to:

26 Government of Ghana 2023 National Budget

We are working together to re-energise the National Economy and make it stronger through tourism and entrepreneurship

A project called Aban Using Solar Energy has been launched.

44. Based on the projects SHEP-4, SHEP-5 and Turkey projects, the government will supply electricity to an additional 400 cities by 2023, including cities in Ahafo, Asante, Bono, Northern, and Northeastern Provinces. The government will start distributing all-in-one solar street lighting to the cities, towns, and municipalities of Turkey.

27 Government of Ghana 2023 National Budget

We are working together to re-energise the National Economy and make it stronger through tourism and entrepreneurship

Schedule of Work

45. As of June 2022, the Youth Employment Agency, through its subsidiaries, employed 80,735 people.

46. In 2022, the Government adopted the National Alternative Employment and Livelihood Programme (NAELP); it took the following steps:

• Restored degraded lands, replanted 645 hectares of land and created 2300 job opportunities; and

• Planted 20 million saplings to support the plantation development programme which provided permanent and casual jobs to 80,071 youth in Akotom, Adinkra, Techire, Akwatiakwaso, Fufuo and Hohoe.

47. In 2023, the Government will continue to:

• Planting trees to restore 1000 hectares of degraded land in specific areas, printing millions of commercially viable trees such as cube, beech, citrus and mango to support plantation development and replace the number of trees that have been cut down;

• Opening of ten small-scale wood-based printing plants employing hundreds of thousands of people; and

• Provide training on mine health, safety standards and procedures to 20,000 current and prospective miners and 200 small-scale mining companies

28 Government of Ghana 2023 National Budget

We are working together to re-energise the National Economy and make it stronger through tourism and entrepreneurship

new and better ways of making jewelry.

29 Government of Ghana 2023 National Budget

We are working together to re-energise the National Economy and make it stronger through tourism and entrepreneurship

YouStart

48. It is the government's vision that by the year 2022-2025, through the start-up programme, interest-free loans will be provided to the youth, with the aim of creating one million jobs.

You Start

The chances of a youth-led start-up business getting support are low.

It's time to make a difference with YouStart initiative

The World Bank

49. The three-year program has supported 70 youth-led enterprises (under the age of 40) and Small Medium Enterprises (SMEs) in areas such as capacity building, access to markets, compliance with environmental laws and product safety. The total amount of funds allocated for the program is GH¢1.98 million.

50. The Government and the Ghana Association of Banks (GAB) and eleven (11) commercial banks have signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) on the Youstart initiative. As a result, eleven commercial banks have contributed a total of 1,169 billion GH¢ (GH¢1.169 billion) representing 30% of the total amount allocated to the project.

30 Government of Ghana 2023 National Budget

We are working together to re-energise the National Economy and make it stronger through tourism and entrepreneurship

Ghana Vegetable projects to address climate change

51. In 2022, based on the Ghana Plant Day campaign, we distributed 26.55 million seedlings, of which 24.44 million were printed. In addition, we distributed 12.9 million seedlings of oak, emmer, wawa, coconut, teak, cedar, gmelina, cassia, eucalyptus and mahogany.

Green Ghana Day is celebrated in Ghana.

52. Based on the National Vegetation Program, we planted 11,692 hectares of trees on less than 17,000 hectares of land that we had planned to plant.

53. On Ghana's Vegetable Day in 2023, we will plant twenty million small trees.

54. Due to the adverse effects of global warming on health, nutrition, and many countries that are already vulnerable to global warming, Ghana's economic growth may have caused a severe impact on the global economy. A recent report on the effects of global warming has been called the V20 Loss and Damage Report.

31 Government of Ghana 2023 National Budget

We are working together to re-energise the National Economy and make it stronger through tourism and entrepreneurship

(V20 Loss and Damage Report) states that from 2000 to 2019, Ghana alone lost $15,200,001,695 ($15,200,001,695) due to the effects of climate change.

55. The Government will continue to develop drought-tolerant crops, thereby supporting drought mitigation measures, and invest in farm-to-irrigation schemes throughout the Country, and encourage greater participation in agriculture to improve their economic base and reduce the impact of climate change on crops.

Water and Sanitation

56. In 2022, we have implemented the Five Districts Water Supply Scheme in Firaw District (Third Phase 3), also known as STRABAG NSUO DWUMADIE (STRABAG Water Project) which provides fresh water to Anyigbe; Agotime-Ziope; Central Tongu; Ho West and North Tongu provinces to a level of 95%. Upon completion of all projects, 424 districts and 234,000 people will benefit.

57. The Government continued the implementation of the Coastal Protection Works to protect the coastal communities from high tides, thereby removing the population from the risk of flooding, improving the quality of life, protecting the heritage. Dansoman (Ninety-seven percent) (97%), Komenda (Ninety-five percent) (95%), Elmina (third - Ninety-two percent) (92%), Cape Coast - Eighty percent) (80%) and Pigeon - Seventy-five percent (75%), Dixcove - Forty percent (40%) Stone - Second - Hundred

32 Government of Ghana 2023 National Budget

We are working together to re-energise the National Economy and make it stronger through tourism and entrepreneurship

Forty-five percent (45%) and Ningo-Prampram - One hundred and fifty percent (50%).

58. In 2023, the Government will continue the activities it has initiated and has started other Coastal Protection Projects in Blekusu (Phase II), Apam, Axim (Phase II), La and Teshie, Dansoman (Phase II), Shama, Ningo-Prampram (Phase 2), Tema New Town, Anloga, Takoradi and Maritime University Coastal Protection Projects.

Follow the Paths

59. By 2022, we are continuing to work on the La Beach road including the Nkran Tema Beach road repair and the Nungua Barrier road upgrade.

La Beach Road completion project

60. As part of the Government's vision to improve the safety of the trucking industry, the Government has initiated the construction of the following trunk roads: the Tema Aflao, Tema Akosombo roads; the Assin Fosu Assin Praso roads, which will extend the Assin Fosu urban road network by one kilometre (1.2 km) from the main road network, the extension of the subway system and the connection of the Assin Fosu and Assin Praso canals.

33 Government of Ghana 2023 National Budget

We are working together to re-energise the National Economy and make it stronger through tourism and entrepreneurship

61. The second phase of construction and maintenance of the Obetsebi Lamptey cable car is underway. Now that the first phase of construction of the Tema Motorway has been completed, the second phase, which includes the construction and maintenance of the cable car, will begin.

The second part of Obetsebi Lamptey Road

62. Each of the provincial and inter-provincial road projects launched in 2019 has achieved a number of milestones. The achievements are as follows:

Sn. Name of the project Region Altitude (km)

1 ̊ West - Highway maintenance team - 5 ̊ East - 24.8 ̊

2 The Golokwati-Wli road junction (km10-km27) The railway, 17.0

It's a three. It's a three. It's a seven. It's a seven.

4 Nkonya Wrumpong Repair of the microphone Oti 21.0

5 ′′ Base - Control panel in the middle of the car 15.0 ′′

6 ′′ Tamale - Salaga Road - street gang 1 ′′ from the top 25.4 ′′

34 Government of Ghana 2023 National Budget

We are working together to re-energise the National Economy and make it stronger through tourism and entrepreneurship

63. The following are some of the ways in which the Church has progressed:

Sn. Project name Region Length (km) Frequency (%)

1 ′′ Navrongo - Naga road repair (km 2.7 - km 42.2) - Lot 1 ′′ Northeast ′′ 39.5 ′′ 45 ′′ Northwest ′′ Southwest ′′ Southwest ′′ Southwest ′′ Southwest ′′ Southwest ′′ Southwest ′′ Southwest ′′ Southwest ′′ Southwest ′′ Southwest ′′ Southwest ′′ Southwest ′′ Southwest ′′ Southwest ′′ Southwest ′′ Southwest ′′ South

2 Wa-Bulenga-Yaala road (Km 6.0-Km 37.0) - equation 1 Northeast 31.0 52

3 Salaga - Ekumdipe - Kpandai road repair (Km 26.7 - Km 45.3) and Kpandai - Nkanchina road (Km 10.8) - group 2 North 29.4 69

4 Yagaba - Mankarigu road repair (Km 12.0 - Km 24.0) and Mankarigu - Nawuni road repair (Km 0.0 Km 17.5) - group 4 Northeast 29.5 76

5 ↓ Daboya - Mankarigu road repair (Km 30.0 - km 63.1) - group 5 ↓ Savanna ↓ 33.1 ↓ 52

6 ██ ██ ██ ██ ██ ██ ██ ██ ██ ██ ██ ██ ██ ██ ██ ██ ██ ██ ██ ██ ██ ██ ██ ██ ██ ██ ██ ██ ██

7 ███████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████

8 Nalerigu Gbintri road repair (Km 6.0 km 46.0) - group 2 Northeast 40.0 70

9 New Abirem Ofoasekuma Kwan (Km 0.0 - km 33.2) - group 2 East 33.2 99

10 Bogoso Insu Siding-Huni Valley road repair - group 4 West 26.0 83

11 █ █ █ █ █ █ █ █ █ █ █ █ █ █ █ █ █ █ █ █ █ █ █ █ █ █ █ █ █ █ █ █ █ █ █ █ █ █ █ █ █ █ █ █ █ █ █ █ █ █ █ █

12 Akrodie - Repair of a railway line (Km 0.0 - km 20.0) - Lot 1 Owner 20.0 85

13 Menji Bui road repair (Km 0.0 Km 30.0) - equation 1 Bono 30.0 98.4

14 ██ ██ ██ ██ ██ ██ ██ ██ ██ ██ ██ ██ ██ ██ ██ ██ ██ ██ ██ ██ ██ ██ ██ ██ ██ ██ ██ ██ ██ ██ █

35 Government of Ghana 2023 National Budget

We are working together to re-energise the National Economy and make it stronger through tourism and entrepreneurship

Education

64. In pursuance of the Government's objective of ensuring that all Schools and Departments of Education are adequately equipped for their functions, the Government has procured 66 sixty-five (66-seater) Buses, 71 Pick-Ups and 2 Tractors for distribution to Senior High Schools and Technical and Vocational Education and Training Institutes in the State.

65. In 2022, the Government through 29 Community Development and Vocational Technical Institutes trained 3,724 men and 3,715 women in the field of technology to increase their skills to create jobs or open their own businesses to reduce poverty.

66. In addition, we trained 248 community educators in community development and social protection skills at the Kwaso Mbuga Mpontuo college to develop skills to mobilize the community for development initiatives.

67. By 2023, the Government will train 500 Community Educators in Social Protection and Community Development as well as completely revamp training in skills that open up employment opportunities in non-agricultural sectors such as soap making, cotton weaving and animal husbandry.

36 Government of Ghana 2023 National Budget

We are working together to re-energise the National Economy and make it stronger through tourism and entrepreneurship

leather works to contribute to the economic development of communities.

Health

68. Malaria continues to be one of the top ten leading causes of death in Ghana. Therefore, in order to combat malaria, the Government has introduced the LSM Implement app that can detect the locations of mosquitoes that cause them to burst in the lungs. The Ho Teaching Hospital has also introduced the CT-Scan and the endoscopy that can scan the entire body, as well as the mobile clinic van that can transport vaccines to help treat women.

69. In 2022, the Government completed the following projects: District hospitals in the CHPS compounds of Debiso, Nsutam, and Tiawia; Mansini hospital in Congo; Treatment and holding centres in Aflao, Elubo, Keta, Kumasi South, and Sewua; and Fevers Unit and COVID-19 Isolation Centre in Korle Bu.

70. In 2023, the Government will continue to improve the quality of healthcare professionals deployed abroad by completing the Memorandum of Understanding with the Government of the United Kingdom.

71. The Government will continue the work being done through the National Vaccine Institute and the Ghana National Vaccine Institute and Ghana. By 2023, the Government will ensure the availability of malaria vaccines to reduce the number of deaths in the country.

Protection of People

72. In 2022, the Government recruited 5,000 people to the Ghana Police Service in pursuit of its goal of providing

37 Government of Ghana 2023 National Budget

We are working together to re-energise the National Economy and make it stronger through tourism and entrepreneurship

an increase in the number of security personnel has contributed to the maintenance of law and order.

73. The Police Department received the so-called Cold Cases Unit from the Criminal Investigations Department (CID), the Anti-Armed Robbery Taskforce (AATF), the Motorbike Patrol Unit in selected metropolitan areas, and the Police Mounted Squadron and a Canine (K-9) under the Police Service Act. All of these good practices were made possible by the law enforcement community.

74. The Government continued the implementation of the third phase of the Security Personnel Building Project, which will see the construction of three hundred and twenty shelters for the Police Service at the Ghana National Police Training School, Tesano.

75. The Government through the National Disaster Management Organisation (NADMO) provided assistance to 15,772 disaster victims.

76. In 2023, the functions of the Police Service shall be as follows:

• Establishment of so-called Formed Police Units (FPUs) in the sixteen police districts to strengthen law enforcement and the prevention of mass violence;

• Re-training, equipping Crime Combat Police and Action Units with the necessary tools to combat violent crime such as armed robbery;

38 Government of Ghana 2023 National Budget

We are working together to re-energise the National Economy and make it stronger through tourism and entrepreneurship

• Increase the number of police officers from 1,500 to 100 to patrol neighborhoods and highways to curb rampant theft; and

• Establishment of traffic control units in all eighteen police districts to help reduce traffic congestion, improve traffic safety, and reduce the number of accidents.

77. The Government will continue the National Education Programme on disaster mitigation, undertake earthquake awareness programmes, and develop a system for early warning of floods in certain provinces and territories, in order to ensure early detection of disasters.

78. The fourth phase of the Security Services Housing Programme (Phase IV of the Security Services Housing Programme) will commence for the Ghana Prisons Service in 2023.

A Visit

79. The Government, through the Ghana Tourism Authority (GTA), has organised publicity campaigns promoting the need to buy goods from Ghana, based on programmes titled See Ghana, Eat Ghana, Wear Ghana and Feel Ghana.

80. The government and the owners of hotels and restaurants will hold a raffle to sell local food and beverages, using local craftsmanship, craftsmanship and organization to decorate the facilities they use to accommodate imported products in their operations.

81. Due to existing Government policies regarding investment and private sector involvement in tourism

39 Government of Ghana 2023 National Budget

We are working together to re-energise the National Economy and make it stronger through tourism and entrepreneurship

As a result, the Ghana Tourism Authority and the Ghana Investment Promotion Centre (GIPC) will work together to develop a plan to attract foreign and domestic investors to invest in the tourism sector.

The Road to Export

82. In recent years, the decline in the value of Ghana's currency has resulted in a decline in the value of Ghana's foreign exchange reserves, which have weakened the country's financial stability.

83. In the second phase (Phase 2 of Ghana CARES), the Government will support private enterprises in specific areas to develop products that can replace imported, domestically exported products, develop a system to support enterprises to produce those products. Therefore, the Government will develop a system through which existing and emerging enterprises can be integrated by expanding the activities, preparing, and implementing technologies that will produce the specific products we have targeted.

Wives and Husbands, Children and the Protection of Life

84. In 2022, the Government through the Ghana School Feeding Programme (GSFP) provided free school meals to 3.620,468 children in 10,832 public basic schools.

40 Government of Ghana 2023 National Budget

We are working together to re-energise the National Economy and make it stronger through tourism and entrepreneurship

As a result, the number of children attending school at KG, Primary and JHS levels increased in the 2020/21 school year. Kindergarten increased by 118%, Primary by 40% and JHS by 72%.

85. The government hired 32,496 caterers and cooks to provide for their families. The government also opened up the possibility of buying grain for the farmers, thereby stabilizing their economy.

86. In order to achieve the goal of providing nutritious food to all, the Government paid five times the amount of Livelihood Empowerment Against Poverty (LEAP) to 344,389 households.

87. In 2023, the Government will continue to provide healthy and nutritious meals to students in schools every day.

88. Government-run Trafficking (HT) and Trauma-Informed Care Center provided nursing care to twenty-four children, forty-six elderly women and twenty-seven elderly men who had been trafficked and were in critical condition.

89. The Government will continue to provide adequate humanitarian assistance to the survivors of Human Trafficking, and has developed anti-human trafficking programs, community outreach and reorganized programs to draw the attention of anti-human trafficking organizations to the problem of human trafficking.

41 Government of Ghana 2023 National Budget

We are working together to re-energise the National Economy and make it stronger through tourism and entrepreneurship

The End

90. In the year 2023, the Government will continue to support the Social Resource Projects, ensuring the integration of civil engineering, agriculture, industry and innovation. Therefore, we ask all citizens to participate in this national building process as we take this step so that we can collectively reap the benefits of our hard work.

91. God bless the people of Ghana!!!

42 Government of Ghana 2023 National Budget

We are working together to re-energise the National Economy and make it stronger through tourism and entrepreneurship

It is also used to refer to a person's physical appearance, such as his or her appearance or his or her appearance.

1D1F: 1D1F is an initiative of the Ministry of Industry and Trade of the Republic of Ghana aimed at creating employment opportunities for Ghanaians across the country.

The African Continental Free Trade Area (AfCFTA) is a free trade area for African companies to export their goods and services to the African continent without having to pay customs duties.

Alleviation: This is the process of mitigating the consequences of a problem.

Allocation: This is the process of allocating public funds to various Government departments and agencies for use by the public.

Ancilliary: This is an animal or an appendage that contributes to the success of a situation.

Apparel: A specific article of clothing sold in a store.

Balance of Payments: This is a record of all transactions between a country and the rest of the world over a specified period of time, either quarterly or yearly.

Budgeting: Budgeting refers to the process by which a government determines how it will raise and spend money. For example, a household may make a budget by listing the amount of money it has and the number of items it needs to spend that money on (such as housing, water, electricity, and food).

43 Government of Ghana 2023 National Budget

We are working together to re-energise the National Economy and make it stronger through tourism and entrepreneurship

Budget deficit: This occurs when government spending exceeds government revenues.

Canine: Relating to or befitting a dog.

Capital Expenditure: This is the cost of capital expenditures such as insurance, school fees, hospital bills, maintenance, transportation, water, heavy machinery and so on.

Carriageway: A portion of a roadway that is open to traffic.

Compensation of Employees: This is the monthly salary, allowances, life insurance, travel expenses and other benefits paid to Government employees.

Endoscopy: An examination of the inside of the body.

Debt-to-GDP ratio: This is an economic indicator that compares a country's debt to the value of its gross domestic product (GDP) and gives the country's current account balance.

Depreciation: Depreciation is the change in the value of an asset over a period of time or the decline in the value of a country's currency relative to other currencies.

Development Partners: This refers to countries or organizations that assist developing countries in achieving their development goals. This can include organizations such as the International Monetary Fund (IMF), the World Bank, the African Development Bank, and others. It can also include individual countries such as Germany, the United Kingdom, the United States, and others.

44 Government of Ghana 2023 National Budget

We are working together to re-energise the National Economy and make it stronger through tourism and entrepreneurship

End-Year Inflation: This is the rate at which the price of a commodity rises in US dollars during the month of May in a given year.

Expenditure Overrun: This occurs when expenditures exceed the budget approved by the legislature.

Export-Import Bank (EXIM) Bank: The Export-Import Bank of Ghana (GEXIM) is a bank established by the Ghana Export-Import Bank Act 2016 (Act 911) in 2016 to support the government in exporting goods and services.

Export Trade Houses (ETH): These are a type of trade organization that helps companies that need help and expertise in foreign trade to import or export products.

Fiscal Deficit (Fiscal Deficit): This is a criterion for determining whether a country is able to borrow money to pay interest.

Fiscal Operations: These include financial accounting and reporting, financial accounting, monetary operations, financial accounting, payroll, real estate, project management and compensation.

Fiscal Policy: This is the use of government money and fiscal policies to support the economic growth of a country.

45 Government of Ghana 2023 National Budget

We are working together to re-energise the National Economy and make it stronger through tourism and entrepreneurship

Fiscal Stress: This is a measure of the degree of uncertainty experienced by an economy during a period of economic distress or crisis that requires the State to provide special assistance that does not impede the individual citizen's freedom of action.

Fa-me-kwa Secondary School (FREE SHS): The Fa-me-kwa Secondary School is a new Government initiative announced by the government of President Nana Akuffo-Addo in April 2017 that any JHS student who performs well in the examinations will have access to free education in secondary schools.

Ghana Cares: This initiative is a continuation of two previous initiatives launched by the Government in response to the outbreak of Coronavirus.

Grants: These are types of financial assistance provided by the Port Authority to the Government that are not the responsibility of the Government.

Grants to other Government Units: This refers to the amount required by law to be paid into the Manitoba Parliamentary Fund DACF, Transportation Fund Road Fund, Education Fund GETFUND, Agriculture Fund Petroleum Related Fund and Public Health Fund National Health Fund.

Gross Domestic Product (GDP): The market value of all final goods and services produced within a country in a given period of time.

Gross International Reserves (GIR): A measure of a country's ability to buy goods and services from abroad at a given point in time. It is used to compare a country's current account with that of another country to determine its current account strength.

46 Government of Ghana 2023 National Budget

We are working together to re-energise the National Economy and make it stronger through tourism and entrepreneurship

Headline Inflation: This is a monthly headline inflation report from the Consumer Price Index published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics.

Import Substitution: This is the process of producing goods locally to replace imported goods rather than exporting them and thereby improving the country's industry.

Inflation: This refers to the increase in the cost of goods and services over a period of time.

Interest cost: The amount of interest that a borrower must pay on a loan or mortgage if the loan is not repaid in full.

Interest payments: Interest on a loan or a mortgage that is paid by the lender or the borrower.

Infrastructure for Poverty Eradication Programme (IPEP): The Infrastructure for Poverty Eradication Programme (IPEP) is one of the most ambitious projects of the NPP Government with the ultimate goal of bringing electricity to rural areas, especially the poorest communities, thereby contributing to poverty alleviation and reducing the socio-economic gap between rural and urban populations.

Macroeconomic targets: These are measures of a country's economic performance. Examples include economic growth, inflation, labour productivity growth, the country's trade surplus with other countries, the government's budget deficit, and the impact of decisions made by the Central Bank of Ghana on the price of goods and services in the country.

47 Government of Ghana 2023 National Budget

We are working together to re-energise the National Economy and make it stronger through tourism and entrepreneurship

Memorandum of Understanding (MoU): A written agreement between two or more parties that defines a decision-making process.

Module: A set of modules that can be joined together to form a larger unit.

Monetary policy: It is the policy by which the central banks of a country compare interest rates on short-term borrowings or on new loans, and aggregate interest rates in order to maintain price stability.

Small Business Development Programme - MSME (Micro And Small Buisness Developmet Programme): Small businesses are private enterprises that can employ a small number of people and whose turnover does not exceed a certain amount.

Nation-building volunteers- NABCo (Nation Builders Corps): This is a new concept introduced by the Government of Ghana to provide young university graduates with employment opportunities in the private and public sectors to help them apply their skills to solve life's problems, and thus help them gain experience that will contribute to the economic development of the Nation.

National Board for Small Scale Industries (NBSSI): The National Board for Small Scale Industries (NBSSI) is a non-profit public corporation under the Ministry of Commerce and Industry, which is mandated by law to promote the development of Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs).

National Afforestation Programme (NAP): It is the replacement of deforestation to restore lost forest resources and thereby improve the livelihoods of communities living close to forests, especially the poor.

48 Government of Ghana 2023 National Budget

We are working together to re-energise the National Economy and make it stronger through tourism and entrepreneurship

National Disaster Management Organisation (NADMO): This is the national agency responsible for managing disasters and emergencies in Ghana.

Non-Oil Real GDP: This is a measure of the value of all goods and services produced in a country, excluding oil revenues, based on a price index.

Non-Oil Real GDP Growth: A measure of the growth of the economy in all sectors of the economy, excluding oil.

Non-Tax Revenue: Non-taxable income earned by the government, such as royalties, interest, and taxes.

Outstanding Obligations: The outstanding debts of the Government are the sums owed by the Ministry of Finance to the Government for the provision of public services. Since 2016, the Government has been required by law to pay outstanding debts in the form of statutory debts.

Outturn: This occurs as a result of a situation or a set of circumstances.

Primary balance: This is the amount of money left over after the Government has spent all of its anticipated receipts, excluding interest on loans, (i.e. excluding loans to be repaid by the Government). It is calculated as a percentage of the total value of National Assets.

Primary surplus - deficit: This refers to the amount of money in the economy that is in excess of what the government collects from taxes, interest, and other government expenditures.

Projected Growth Rate: This is how much Ghana's economy is expected to grow in a given year.

49 Government of Ghana 2023 National Budget

We are working together to re-energise the National Economy and make it stronger through tourism and entrepreneurship

Real GDP: This is a measure of the value of a country's gross domestic product as measured by the consumer price index.

Government Revenue: This is the amount of money that the Government receives from its activities in this country and abroad.

Rearing For Food and Jobs (RFJ): This is a new development initiative of the Government of Ghana that aims to increase the productivity and revenue of the rearing industry by increasing the number of livestock and reducing the amount of livestock imported into the country, thereby increasing the number of jobs created by the community and improving the quality of life for all those involved in the rearing industry.

Sensitization: This is teaching or advocacy that aims to bring about positive change in a negative situation through awareness and conversion.

Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises (SMEs): These are private, non-governmental enterprises that may employ a small number of people.

Social Benefits: These are payments made by the Government on behalf of the public to the water, gas and electricity companies to improve the quality of life of Ghanaians.

Squadron: This is an air force unit that has two or more aircraft used by the military and the pilots of the aircraft.

Subsidy: This is a form of financial assistance provided by the Government to citizens to relieve them of some of their burdens.

Surveillance: This is the process of monitoring and controlling an event.

Tidal waves: Large ocean waves that form after an earthquake or undersea rock slide.

Transparency: This is the ability of the Government to provide information to the public in a timely manner.

Trunk Road: A major road connecting two or more cities, ports, airports

50 Government of Ghana 2023 National Budget

We are working together to re-energise the National Economy and make it stronger through tourism and entrepreneurship

and other places, and often it is a long way that we travel to carry goods over long distances.

Use of Goods and Services: This is the amount of money that the Government pays for the services it provides to the public.

Value Added Tax (VAT): This is a tax levied on goods at each stage of production.

The Vulnerable Twenty (V20 - Vulnerable Twenty): This is a list of countries that are considered most vulnerable to the adverse impacts of climate change.

Subsector Refers to one of the subdivisions of the country where activities take place.

YouStart: It is a Government initiative to provide financial and technical support to young people aged 18 to 40 years to start their own businesses or youth-owned businesses to enable them to start and grow their own businesses.

Youth Employment Agency (YEA): The Youth Employment Agency was established by the Eight Hundred and Eighty-seventh Act of 2015 (Youth Employment Act 2015 - Act 887) to organize, regulate, supervise and assist in youth employment and related matters in Ghana.

51 Government of Ghana 2023 National Budget

All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be stored in a retrieval system or transmitted in any or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise without the prior written permission of the Ministry of Finance