Freedom and Justice

REPUBLIC of Ghana

He WAS BORN

What is the purpose of the Memorial?

This leaflet is a summary of the 2021 Budget and Financial Crimes Strategy

Subject: The rise of money laundering through the promotion, suppression and prevention of money laundering.

Explanation of the cost to the public

The 2021 Budget and Anti-Money Laundering Strategy prepared by the Government of Ghana for Citizens is available online at:

This article is part of our coverage of the 2010 United Nations Convention Against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment.

To request a copy, please contact the Treasurer's Office at the address listed below.

Office of public relations

New Building

Ground Floor

Room 001 or 003

P. O. Box 40 MB

Accra Ghana

E-mail: info@mofep.com.au is not responsible for the content.

Translated by:

Bureau of Ghana Languages

i. The Government of Ghana - Budget 2021 for Citizens

Subject: The rise of money laundering through the promotion, suppression and prevention of money laundering.

Contents

This is the first time I've ever been to this place, and I've never been there before.

This is the first time I've ever been to a museum in the United States.

In the first century C.E., the apostle Paul wrote a letter to Christians in Rome.

What is the meaning of the word "preparedness" in the Bible?

What are some of the challenges facing Jehovah's people today?

This article will help you to see how you can do so.

What are some of the benefits of being a Christian?

The COVID 19 pandemic has affected the economy of Ghana ........................................... 8

What are some of the challenges facing the Christian congregation today?

What is the difference between the two?

Explanation of some specific terms of the financial regulation................................ 29

ii. Government of Ghana - Budget 2021 for the Citizens

Subject: The rise of money laundering through the promotion, suppression and prosecution of its activities.

Published editions

Issue 1: Personnel admitted to public hospitals ........................ 21

2nd edition: Diseases that have been eradicated 24

3rd edition: The work that has been done ................................... 25

Explanatory Issues

Explanatory note 1: Amount of revenue expected by the Government from June 2020 to June 2020 (in billions of Ghanaian shillings)........................................

Explanation of the 2nd edition: Comparison of how the Government spent money from the Spring of 2020 to the Summer (in billions of Ghanaian shillings)............................................4

3rd edition of the briefing: Estimate of the sources from which the Government expects to receive revenues in FY 2021 (in billion Ghanaian Shillings)................................................ 6

4th edition of the statement: Projects planned by the Government in February 2021 and the amount of money attached to the projects (in billions of Ghanaian silvers).................... 8

iii. The Government of Ghana - Budget 2021 for Citizens

Subject: The rise of money laundering through the promotion, suppression and prosecution of its activities.

Now is the time to unite with each other without any partisanship ceremony, and help each other to work hard for the development of Ghana as it should be.

H.E. Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo was born in

(This is an excerpt from the President's State of the Union Address read to Parliament in February 2021.)

iv. The Government of Ghana - Budget 2021 for Citizens

Subject: The rise of money laundering through the promotion, suppression and prosecution of its activities.

A WITNESS from the City of Treasures

In the summer of 2020, Ghanaians voted to re-elect President Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo for another four-year term.

Budget 2021 is an important budget that focuses on how we have rebuilt our economy to protect our citizens, take positive action against the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, and do our best to improve the country of Ghana in the period following the COVID-19 pandemic.

For the better part of the past four years, we have continued to improve our economic policies by implementing a number of key initiatives: we have promoted major economic policies, initiated tax incentive programs, implemented various initiatives, supported private enterprise, and promoted social welfare issues. At the end of February 2019, we introduced a number of changes to our economic policies. This includes the measurement of major economic policies we have adopted and how the international community has assessed Ghana's progress during the COVID-19 pandemic. The epidemic has affected the global economy, and Ghana is no exception.

The COVID-19 pandemic has caused a lot of problems in our workplaces and daily lives. However, the Government has recognized the impact of the pandemic on us as a nation and has implemented various measures to speed up the recovery of the economy. We have not completely given up hope, because we have found many new ways to do what is necessary. The Government is committed to ensuring that we are healthy. Therefore, the Government has organized a survey of Ghanaians for the development of the disease so that we can work hard to get Ghana to where we want it to be.

Despite the difficult times we are experiencing, we have joined with you in our work for progress, and we are trying to revive our economy for our development. About 1.2 million students are studying in secondary schools to build their future. We have reorganized the banks that were closed and we have paid off most of the depositors. We have also set up an ice factory and started to sell the ice cream that was made in this factory and some of them are working on our projects.

Of course, we have encountered some challenges in our development efforts. The government is working hard on a number of initiatives to address these challenges and to provide relief to our businesses. For example, we have supported small businesses with a total of 750 million Ghanaian pounds through the Small Business Financing Action Plan in the 2020 Budget and so on.

Now, what is required of us is that we cooperate with each other, and that we do more than we have already done to advance the country by fulfilling the important responsibilities that we have set for ourselves, and that we work hard for the country's development, as we have vowed to do with all our heart and all our strength.

God bless all of us.

Long live the people of Ghana!

Ken Ofori-Atta Chief of Staff of the Ministry of Finance

v. Government of Ghana - 2021 Budget Budget to Citizens

Subject: The rise of money laundering through the promotion, suppression and prosecution of its activities.

What Does the Bible Really Teach?

The Budget 2021 is a comparison of the work done by the Government in 2020 and the amount of money expected to cover the implementation of its programs and development projects in 2021. The theme of the Budget 2021 is Development, completion and closure of projects. The reason for choosing this theme is that for the past several years, the start of new development projects is planned in each new budget. This makes the ongoing development projects stagnant. Not only does this undermine our financial security but it also causes many people to miss out on their wages, so that the cost of the work is greater than it should be, resulting in a loss of profit.

2.In February 2021, the Government decided to work in a new way. The Government has taken this decision with the intention of eliminating the delay of development projects to complete the development projects that have been started.

The following is a summary of some of the activities that will take place during the year.

The Role of Money Laundering

The charges related to the commission of financial crimes in February 2020 are as follows:

• The gross domestic product (GDP) growth rate for the first nine months of the year was 0.2 percent. It is expected that by the end of the year, the gross domestic product growth rate will be 0.9 percent;

• The gross domestic product growth rate without fuel for the first nine months of the year was 0.4 percent, and by the end of the year it is expected to be 1.6 percent;

• Value of assets at year-end was 10.4 percent, although the revised target was 11.0 percent;

1 The Government of Ghana - Budget 2021 for Citizens

Subject: The rise of money laundering through the promotion, suppression and prevention of money laundering.

• The budget deficit for development was 11.7 percent of gross domestic product (GDP) compared to the revised target of 11.4 percent of gross domestic product (GDP);

• The amount that the government would need to add to its budget to meet the cost of doing business is 5.3 percent of gross domestic product (GDP) over the next five years, as opposed to the target of 4.6;

• The value of the country's coal reserves is 8.6 billion dollars ($8.6 Billion), equivalent to 4.1 months' worth of goods imported by the Government from the coalfields.

FUNDS FOR 2020 and how they will be used

The Government's Income

In the 2020 Budget, the Government expects to receive 53.7 billion in revenue from taxes and contributions to the Government for development and other projects. At the end of 2020, the Government's revenue was 55.1 billion. This amount was higher than expected and increased by 1.5 billion. This was due to the Government's focus on collecting taxes from the country's businesses and rural communities through the implementation of the Tax Revenue and Maintenance Scheme. As a result, tax revenues were collected more efficiently and effectively than before.

2 The Government of Ghana - Budget 2021 for Citizens

Subject: The rise of money laundering through the promotion, suppression and prosecution of its activities.

Explanatory note 1. Amount of revenue expected by the Government from June 2020 to June 2020 (in billions of Ghanaian Shillings).

60.0 53.7 55.1

50.0 42.6 40.7

40.0

30.0

20.0

10.0 4.55.0 3.83.6 3.42.8 1.21.2

0.0

Government revenues from taxes and donations

Income not taxed

Non-fuel and tax-free money

Government revenue from the sale of gasoline and bicycles

Other taxes (part of ESLA & SSNIT money that goes into the NHIL fund)

Contributions to the State

A Revised Budget

A set of values that can change

How Governments Manage Money

5. As of the end of 2020, the Government has spent a total of 100.1 billion Ghanaian zlotys (including the payment of water bills) when the Government should have spent 97.7 billion Ghanaian zlotys. The planned expenditure included interest and other charges. As shown in the second edition of the report, the additional expenditure paid by the Government in 2020 exceeded the planned expenditure. The reasons why the amount spent by the Government in 2020 exceeded the planned expenditure are as follows:

• Government hired additional health workers and increased the number of health workers in charge of COVID-19 patients

3 The Government of Ghana - Budget 2021 for Citizens

Subject: The rise of money laundering through the promotion, suppression and prevention of money laundering.

In addition, the government gave many retired soldiers a pension.

• Government spending on COVID-19 awareness events; and

• The government has also invested in development projects to help the country survive the COVID-19 pandemic.

6. It is important to note that the Government has allocated a total of 44.9 billion Ghanaian Shillings including taxes and credits to the Government of the indebted country of 55.1 billion Ghanaian Shillings for development projects in February 2020.

Debt summary 2nd edition: How the Government spent money from February 2020 to June 2020 Debt comparison (in billions of Ghanaian dollars)

Misunderstandings about money 0 2.21

Debts owed to the State 1.44 1.44

Other uses of money 12.18

Funding for development projects 12.08 14.09

Government grants to government agencies 9.33 11.88

Government borrowing to pay interest 11.81 26.6

Cost of equipment and services $7.39

Salaries and wages of civil servants 7.74 27.06 28.27

Government expenditures owed to the borrower 100.53 97.74

0 20 40 60 80 100 120

A debt that can be repaid

A revised monetary policy

Debts incurred in June 2020

7. As of February 2020, the total amount of debt owed to Ghana was S$291.6 billion (US$50.8 billion), equivalent to 76.1 percent of the country's debt to commodities. This amount includes the money the government needs to pay off loans to banks and credit unions that it owes to consumers and the money it has paid to private companies for electricity generation.

4 ∙ Government of Ghana - Budget 2021 Budget for citizens

Subject: The rise of money laundering through the promotion, suppression and prosecution of its activities.

Our debt in 2020 (excluding the amount paid by the Government to the creditors of banks and credit unions) is 71.5% of the country's gross domestic product. The debt in 2020 is summarized as follows:

• The debt owed to other countries in the region is 141.7 billion Ghanaian shillings (24.7 billion U.S. dollars), or 48.6 percent of the total debt;

• Our national debt is $149.8 billion, or 51.4 percent of the total debt.

This article will help you to do so.

The Target of Major Financial Crimes in 2021

8. Government policies and activities related to the economy (i.e. taxation and spending) affect financial crime in a few years. Budget 2021 is based on the following objectives or criteria of the major financial crimes:

• Gross domestic product will grow by 5.0%;

• The country's gross domestic product (GDP) will increase by 6.7% without fuel;

• By the end of the year, inflation will have fallen to 8.0%;

• The amount of money that the Government would need to contribute to the amount of money that it expects to receive before starting development activities would be 9.5% of the country's gross domestic product;

• The amount of money that the Government would be willing to add to its reserves to undertake development activities would be 1.3% of the country's gross domestic product; and

• The gross domestic product (GDP) of a country not accounted for by the Government must not be less than the value of the goods imported by the Government during a period of four (4) months.

Revenue Expected by the Government in 2021

9. The Government expects the combination of taxes and revenues in 2021 to be GSD 72.5 billion. The amount of revenue the Government expects to receive in 2021 is contained in the 3rd edition of the explanatory note.

5 The Government of Ghana - Budget 2021 Budget for Citizens

Subject: The rise of money laundering through the promotion, suppression and prosecution of its activities.

Explanatory note 3rd edition: Estimated revenue expected by the Government in FY 2021 (in billion Ghanaian Shillings)

Contributions to the State 1.5

Other taxes 4.9

Gasoline and coal 5.4

Income not taxed (excluding income) 7.1

Income taxed (excluding income) 53.6

Income taxed at 55.8

Government revenue and expenditure combined 72.5

Some Assembly Halls

10. The Government has introduced various tax collection schemes in the Budget 2021 to promote development and mitigate the effects of COVID-19. The tax collection schemes are as follows:

• Government relies on NHIS funds and VAT at a percentage rate of 1% as funding to support COVID-19 preparedness activities;

• Government raised the price of petrol/diesel by 10 pesetas per litre under the Gambling Prevention Act to address sanitation issues, promote moral issues and reduce deaths and illnesses associated with gambling;

• The government has decided to charge citizens 20 pesetas per litre of petrol/diesel under the Energy and Electricity Renewal Program in order to secure electricity generation in the country

6 The Government of Ghana - Budget 2021 Budget for Citizens

Subject: The rise of money laundering through the promotion, suppression and prosecution of its activities.

In the case of self-storage facilities where the electrical systems were not in operation;

The Government has decided that banks will pay a dividend of 5 per cent of their pre-tax profits to strengthen the operations of the banks and credit unions that are in debt. This decision will be reviewed in 2024;

The Government has established the Ministry of Economic Affairs and the Ministry of Civil Affairs to supervise the activities of gambling companies and to reach out to stakeholders to develop policies that promote their economic interests through gambling activities; and

Truck fares will be reviewed to align them with the current rates, and the Fees for Services Act, 2018 (Act 983) will be amended to reflect the automatic annual change in fares from the previous year, as published by the Office of Public Service Complaints.

Budget for Activities in 2021

11. The government plans to spend the sum of 113.8 billion Ghanaian pounds on its activities as shown in the 4th edition of the note.

The $41.3 billion will be borrowed from rural communities and businesses in the country in addition to the projected budget.

7 The Government of Ghana - Budget 2021 for Citizens

Subject: The rise of money laundering through the promotion, suppression and prosecution of its activities.

4th edition of the report: Projects planned by the Government in 2021 and the amount of money involved in the projects (in billions of Ghanaian dollars)

Payment of debts owed to the Government 3.7

Other expenditures 8.4

Amount of government subsidies to public enterprises 18.1

Interest paid on government loans 35.9

Government spending on development 11.4

Government spending on equipment and services 6.0

The average salary of civil servants is 30.3 percent.

Total government spending 113.8

THE COVID-19 pandemic and the rapid spread of the virus in Ghana

12. This section describes the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the economy worldwide, especially in Ghana. It also describes the measures taken by the Government to contain and mitigate the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic.

The Effects of COVID-19

13. The COVID-19 pandemic, which began to spread globally in late 2019, has had a significant impact on communities, businesses, and the global economy as a whole. It has led to a large number of economic downturns, job losses, loss of human resources, and worsening economic conditions. In addition, the disease has killed more than 2.6 million people worldwide.

8 The Government of Ghana - Budget 2021 for Citizens

Subject: The rise of money laundering through the promotion, suppression and prevention of money laundering.

14.In Ghana, until the last week of February 2020, the prevalence of the disease increased from 11 cases to 781 cases per week before decreasing to 104 cases in the last week of February 2020.In February 2021, another cluster of the disease began to spread and increased from 99 cases in the first week of February to 880 cases on the 5th day of February.

15. As part of measures to limit the spread of the COVID-19 disease, the Government has imposed a nationwide lockdown on Ghanaians. This ban has affected many industries that support the country's economy in the country, especially the entertainment industry, agriculture, health, transportation, manufacturing, housing, finance and education.

16. This led to the suffering of workers, miners and other non-governmental organizations that did not participate in any social support. Although this order was necessary for the spread of the disease, it led to a drastic reduction in the use of goods and services.

17. Although countries in West Africa have implemented these restrictions, the Government of Ghana has been praised by many international organizations for the measures it has taken to contain the spread of the disease. This encourages us to go above and beyond.

18. As another measure to slow the spread of COVID-19, the World Bank supported the Government with USD 100 million in the COVID-19 Rapid Response Preparedness Facility. This facility aims to strengthen the country's capacity to respond, test, manage and adapt to the disease.

Closing ceremony of ongoing theatrical events

9 ∙ Government of Ghana - Budget for 2021 for citizens

Subject: The rise of money laundering through the promotion, suppression and prosecution of its activities.

This is evidenced by the Government's efforts to treat, test, and rehabilitate infected patients.

19. Government also helps citizens in the following ways:

• Government support for firms to prevent layoffs, and support for families during this difficult time;

• The government provided cricket to citizens from February 2020 to the end of the summer and provided food to the disabled during the mandatory period of citizenship;

Free water for all

• The government distributed 1,827,581 and 917,142 packaged meals to the needy in Ge and Kumasi districts respectively;

• Government and religious organizations distributed raw food to 470,000 households during the national curfew;

• The government provided free water to 10,125,620 citizens through the Ghana Water Department;

• Government repatriated Ghanaian nationals who were stranded abroad due to travel restrictions under the Return Home Programme;

10 The Government of Ghana - Budget 2021 Budget for Citizens

Subject: The rise of money laundering through the promotion, suppression and prosecution of its activities.

• Government supported small businesses with a grant of GHK 750 million under the Coronavirus Insurance Reduction Assistance Program to reduce the impact of the disease on small businesses. It also supported 277,511 businesses with a grant of GHK 412.88 million; and

• The government has launched the National COVID-19 Prevention and Control Campaign and has secured 57.13 million through public donations.As of 31st February 2020, 45.22 million of this amount has been spent on emergency supplies and medicines for selected COVID-19 treatment centers.In addition, food has been distributed to the elderly, the disabled and the poor, and vehicles have been purchased for selected treatment centers for COVID-19 patients, among others.

20.Supporting Citizens during the COVID-19 Pandemic in 2021: The Government will start implementing the following additional measures in 2021 to provide relief to people, especially those most affected by the disease:

• Corporate Tax Increase: The government will tax the following industries at a rate of 30 percent every three months starting from the fourth quarter of February 2021: hotels, restaurants, educational institutions, arts, entertainment, tourism and media;

• Tax Avoidance Certificate: The government has approved the quarterly small business tax and the scheme will be implemented from the fourth quarter of February 2021;

• Taxes on Vehicles: The government has approved a quarterly tax on motorcycles and bicycles, which will be implemented from the fourth quarter of February 2021 as part of its efforts to reduce traffic congestion; and

• A crackdown on tax-exempt businesses: The government will crack down on tax-exempt businesses and individuals

11 The Government of Ghana - Budget 2021 for Citizens

Subject: The rise of money laundering through the promotion, suppression and prevention of money laundering.

The tax credit was extended until February 2020 and an agreement was made with the Internal Revenue Service to pay the fee before the end of February 2021 to alleviate their financial difficulties.The companies and individuals participating in the scheme must register with the Internal Revenue Service and ensure that they have paid their tax arrears for the first three months.

12 The Government of Ghana - Budget 2021 for Citizens

Subject: The rise of money laundering through the promotion, suppression and prosecution of its activities.

The Prime Minister of Ghana

21. The Government launched the COVID-19 Prevention, Resuscitation and Rehabilitation Initiative on the 20th of June 2020 to mitigate the impact of COVID-19 and take steps to accelerate the recovery of industries and economies. This initiative will, in fact, bring about significant changes in Ghana's economic policies and strengthen the domestic manufacturing sector to protect the basic needs of Ghanaians.

22. Ghana's Interest Scheme is based on the objective of promoting entrepreneurship, job creation, and job creation. Through this Interest Scheme, the Government is assured that the country's economy will recover and grow by providing quality and new jobs to the citizens, especially in the private sector.

23. The following are some of the main tasks and programs to be undertaken by the Government under the Ghana Initiative:

• supporting large-scale farming programs and training school-aged youth in large-scale farming;

• establishing manufacturing plants for non-woven products in Ghana;

• the development of electronics and the development of computer applications;

• promoting the use of computers;

• promoting domestic violence in Ghana;

• building Ghana's national leadership;

• reviewing and promoting key Government initiatives that are being implemented; and

• Establishment of a Bank to support national development projects and policies in Ghana under the Ghana Interest Scheme.

13 The Government of Ghana - Budget 2021 for Citizens

Subject: The rise of money laundering through the promotion, suppression and prosecution of its activities.

24. Other duties and responsibilities

This section describes the activities carried out by various key agencies in February 2020, the planning and development activities planned for February 2021. These plans and development activities relate to Ghana's National Development Plan being implemented from February 2018 to February 2021 and Ghana's Zero Waste Strategy. The objectives of these programs relate to the goals of Ghana's Independence Plan. In addition, the goals we have relate to our engagement with other international organizations such as the United Nations 2030 Agenda (the Millennium Development Goals) and the African Development Goals 2063.

WORKING WITH YOUR CHILDREN to help them grow in their faith

Women are selling grain in the marketplace.

25. The Department of Food and Agriculture has undertaken further work in the area of Agricultural Financing for Food and Rural Development (IFJ, 2018-2021) in order to reduce poverty and promote economic development through the development of Rural Development. In February 2020, the Government implemented the following priority actions:

• Government subsidies to 1,736,510 farmers for fertilizer and other crops, resulting in higher yields of crops such as corn and the creation of more jobs;

14 The Government of Ghana - Budget 2021 for Citizens

Subject: The rise of money laundering through the promotion, suppression and prosecution of its activities.

• Government purchased 7,500 lambs to be raised and distributed to 750 farmers in West Gbagbo, Gbagbo and Ooty Districts, and raised 30,000 chickens and distributed to 3,000 farmers in West Gbagbo, East, Ashanti, Gbagbo and Gbagbo Districts. Government purchased 531,100 foals and turkeys to be distributed to farmers and started construction of 11 farms and 7 water wells for animal feed;

• The government is undertaking various irrigation crop projects with varying levels of completion. The first and second phases of the Tamne project have been completed at 90 and 50 percent respectively; the second phase of the Mprumem project has been completed at 95 percent, and the Tano project, which is a modification, expansion and modernization of the project, has been completed at 95 percent;

• The Kpong project is 61 percent complete and the Kpong Left Bank project is 72 percent complete;

• Government completed 10 small dams in East Ganga West Ganga, Ganga and Savannah Districts to make it easier for people to use water at home and cultivate throughout the year;

A field where seeds are being watered

• The Government has completed the construction of 21 shelters in accordance with the "One Small Town, One Shelter" initiative;

• Although the price of coconut has fallen worldwide, the Government has not reduced the price it buys from chicken farmers.

15 The Government of Ghana - Debt 2021 Debt to the Citizen

Subject: The rise of money laundering through the promotion, suppression and prosecution of its activities.

In the 2017/2018 season, the price of one ton of coconut was 7,600 Ghanaians. The government increased this price by 8.42 percent, which resulted in the price of one ton of coconut being 8,240 Ghanaians in the 2018/2019 season in order to avoid burdening the chicken farmers; and

The government sought to create 110,000 jobs for citizens by implementing a series of measures in the poultry sector to stop the migration of people from villages and towns to cities and to promote the cause of employment in the country.

26. In 2021, the Government will:

And the seed of the land, and the fat of the land, shall he give to the husbandmen, to increase the increase of the land, of corn, and of rice, and of beans, and of barley, and of cumin, to give plenty of food for the people, and for the fields;

to distribute to farmers the 531,100 livestock and household pets purchased in 2020 and to establish three hatcheries, purchase 5 million chickens, purchase 20,000 fast-growing yevkokulov to distribute to farmers, and to lend these items to farmers at 50 percent interest rate for 50 years;

purchase farm equipment and equipment worth approximately USD 30 million and distribute it to farmers to promote innovative farming practices;

purchase of 97,000 litres of insecticide and 14,000 kilograms of pesticide for the control of insect pests and the construction of two glasshouses, three laboratories and 3 million pesticides for the control of insect pests on crops; and

will train 64 young people in Akumadan and Bawjiase in the new agricultural technique of reduction farming.

16 The Government of Ghana - Budget 2021 for Citizens

Subject: The rise of money laundering through the promotion, suppression and prevention of money laundering.

The work of the apostles and the work of the apostles

27. In 2020, the Government implemented the Trade Reform Agenda. This agenda aims to make Ghana the largest trading nation in West Africa and the rest of Africa. In 2020, the Government implemented the following actions:

• The Government has approved the establishment of 232 units under the One Small Zone One Unit Scheme. Of this number, 76 units are currently operational and 107 units are under construction;

• Government support to eligible enterprises established under the Small Business Unit Scheme through loans, grants, tax and non-tax subsidies, as well as the construction, irrigation and electrification of transportation to the enterprises;

• The Government approved a loan of 603 million Ghanaian pesos to offset taxes on imports and exports of goods to 37 companies established under the One Small Company One Small Company Program;

• The Government sought a loan of 2.3 billion Ghanaian zlotys to the entities established under the Small Business Unit Program by working with institutional investors. In addition, the Government shared the interest paid by the entities established under the Small Business Unit Program on their loans with Ghana for 213 million zlotys as subsidiaries;

• The government set up 37 micro-enterprises in 2020 that recruited, equipped and employed workers in these enterprises.These 37 enterprises have branches in 146 micro-enterprises.The government has also started construction of another 30 enterprises, bringing the total number of enterprises to 67.

• The government supported 110 garment and accessories manufacturers to boost their operations, and mandated them to implement safety measures to curb the spread of COVID-19.

17 Government of Ghana - Payment 2021 Loan to Citizens

Subject: The rise of money laundering through the promotion, suppression and prevention of money laundering.

• 19.5 million motorcycle helmets, 90,000 medical suits, 90,000 t-shirts and 50,000 health workers' clothing were purchased in 2020.Three of the garment factories in Ghana manufactured the fabrics used in the confusion.

8 Promoting good work and financial literacy

9 Establishment and management of commercial enterprises

Small car rental companies have made a comeback in the midst of the COVID-19 pandemic

28. In 2021, the Government will proceed with the construction of 107 units under the One Small Zone One Unit Scheme and start construction of another 49 units.

WORKING WITH and OUT of the church

29. In order to ensure the availability of fuel and electricity in the country, the Government has undertaken the following activities in 2020:

• The government has completed 98 percent of the construction of the Amandi Power 200 megawatt electric power plant and will soon be opened for operation;

• The government distributed electricity to 388 of its 560 municipalities, resulting in an increase in the country's electricity consumption from 85.0 percent in Spring 2020 to 85.2 percent by the end of 2020.

18 The Government of Ghana - Budget 2021 for Citizens

Subject: The rise of money laundering through the promotion, suppression and prevention of money laundering.

They were drawn to more than 10,000 counties according to the Coffee and Cities Census.

• The government distributed 1,500 bicycles to citizens under the Bicycle Promotion Initiative.

30. In 2021, the Government will continue to ensure the implementation and promotion of the following activities:

• Government completed the second phase of the first phase of the Early Power Electric Power Plant with a capacity of 202 megawatts;

• Attendance of the government at the ceremony of electrification of private enterprises;

• The establishment of a multiparty government in Pwalugu;

• Government will repair or replace the T3 Gas Machine.

• Completion of the first phase (from Kumasi to Kintampo) of the Kumasi-Bolgatanga high-speed rail link;

• Government will upgrade the 161kV Volta-Achimota-Mallam electric locomotive to improve its performance; and

• Government has completed construction works of the 330kv A4BSP station of the Pokuase Electric Power Line.

19 The Government of Ghana - Budget 2021 for Citizens

Subject: The rise of money laundering through the promotion, suppression and prosecution of its activities.

A WORK That Changed the Course of Justice

Ghana's National Institute of Infectious Diseases in the city of Ghent

1 Ending poverty

8 Promoting good work and financial literacy

31. As part of the Government's commitment to keep citizens healthy and to curb the spread of COVID-19, the Government has undertaken the following activities in 2020:

• The Government has started work on plans to build 101 clinics in small districts, 7 clinics in large districts and 2 psychiatric hospitals and to renovate the Effia-Nkwanta hospital in accordance with the Public Hospitals Construction Plan Agenda 111;

A drone delivering emergency medical supplies

• The government has donated a variety of HIV/AIDS medicines and patient records to 488 health centers to promote HIV/AIDS and the epidemic and donated 2,343 refrigerated medicines to be distributed to health centers across the country to strengthen disease prevention programs;

20 The Government of Ghana - 2021 Budget for Citizens

Subject: The rise of money laundering through the promotion, suppression and prevention of money laundering.

The Government has set up four drone centres, namely GH1 Omenako, GH2 Mpanya, GH3 Vobsi and GH4 Sefwi to promote health technology and promote timely patient care programmes; and

The government recruited 58,191 health workers in various health services.The recruitment of these health workers is noted in Chapter 1.

Issue 1: Employees hired in public hospitals

Number of employees hired in February 2020

Health workers: 822

2. ☐ Special health professionals (people who are assigned to wait for a certain period of time) ☐ 8

3. Assistant to the Director of Special Operations 637

4. The number of nurses who have graduated -- 43,057.

5. Other staff (managers, cooks and so on) 2,000

Six. The medical staff -- 150 people.

Seven. A team of medical scientists -- 150 people.

8. Other health care workers (morbidologists, experimentalists) 4,146

FUFO is 50,970.

A number. A worker with a number.

Subject: The rise of money laundering through the promotion, suppression and prevention of money laundering.

32. The Government has completed the following tasks:

• Completion of housing for health workers in four Regional Health Centers under construction at Twifo-Praso, Tepa, Nsawkaw, and Bekwai;

• Completion of the Small Regional Health Centers under construction in Sawla, Tolon, Somanya, Buipe, and Ueta and the polyclinic under construction in Bamboi; and

• The construction of nine small health centers under construction has been completed at Wiaboman in Gä District, Antwirifo in Bono District, Kofiasua in Bono District, Mantewareso Dam in Ahafo District, Amakyekrom in Bono District, Mewerenfiwuo in Bono District, Samproso in Ashanti District, Koforidua (near Offinso) in Ashanti District, and Akaaso in the Western District.

33. The Government further supported 13 public health agencies and eight private health agencies by providing them with state-of-the-art equipment to promote COVID-19 testing in the country.These agencies include: Kumasi Centre for Collaborative Research (KCCR); National Public Health Reference Laboratory (NPHRL); Veterinary Services Department (VSD) Laboratory; University of Allied Health Sciences (UAHS); Council for Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR); and other private health agencies.

34. As of February 2021, the Government:

• Promote the Affordable Care Act (ACA) in order to finance the work of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and implement policies to ensure timely patient care;

• continue the construction and equipment of Government hospitals in addition to the activities of the Agenda 111 program;

• continue to perform his or her duties at the following clinics:

○ The Koforidua District Healing Center;

○ Shama Rural Sanatorium;

○ The Great Healing Center;

○ The Healing Center of the Grand Delta of Tema;

22 The Government of Ghana - Budget 2021 Budget for Citizens

Subject: The rise of money laundering through the promotion, suppression and prevention of money laundering.

○ rebuild the pharmacy;

○ the Nkoranza Regional Sanatorium; and

○ set up an emergency room in the Dorma clinic.

• will continue the vaccination campaign by distributing vaccines collected at various locations with COVAX to the public to prevent the spread of COVID-19 infection.

The work of the Romans and our involvement in the affairs of the nations

9

Establishment and development of commercial enterprises

11

Cities and towns in the late 19th and early 20th centuries

Visit of the Pokuase Monastery (visiting the monasteries in the Great Lakes Region)

35. The Government has undertaken its duty in the field of road transport to take measures to promote the movement of people and goods by installing and maintaining trucks in addition to carrying out minor maintenance works of trucks in February 2020 by performing the following works and others:

• 25,048 kilometers of trolley lines, 11,061 kilometers of rural and suburban lines, and 5,535 kilometers of urban lines have been repaired;

• 60 miles [62 km] of heavy trucks, 120 miles [120 km] of rural and suburban trucks, and some city trucks have been repaired by digging holes in them, clearing them, and repairing them

23 The Government of Ghana - Budget 2021 for Citizens

Subject: The rise of money laundering through the promotion, suppression and prevention of money laundering.

In addition to this, 600 miles (640 km) of asphalt trucks were completed, as shown in Chapter 2.

2nd edition: Diseases that have been eradicated:

What? Why?

It is located in Ashongman, Lapaz (Petroleum), Airport Residential Area, Trinity Seminary, Ga Central, Kwashiman-Ofankor, Chapel Street/Link, Dzorwulu, Tema East, Dansoman, East Legon, Tantra Hill, Ga West Hospitals, Tema, Baatsona, Shiashie, Burma Camp, Roman Ridge, Ofankor.

Kyebi, Koforidua, Oda, Suhum, Nana Asafo Adjei Mile 50, Akim Oda is located in the eastern part of the city.

Far Eastern Hospital. The main regional hospital in Bolga.

West: Chapel Hill, Kwesimintim Sawmill, Assakae, New Takoradi, GPHA Quarters and the surrounding area

Ashanti Tech Jnc Anloga Jnc, Tafo, Suame, Moshie Zongo, Buokrom, Kwadaso, Bantama, Manhyia, Mampong, Obuasi, Subin

Central: Winneba (Anglican Church Copa Jnc. Rd.), Winneba-Oda Highway, Bawjiase Highway, Swedish SHS Highways

Bono. Sunyani, Berekum

Other: Hohoe Township, Kpeme County

36. In 2021,

• The government will continue to pay for the maintenance of the national highways, so that the cost of their construction will not be wasted. In addition, the computerization of the taxation of trucks will be started to promote the collection of taxes to pay for the construction of highways but not to pay for the maintenance of trucks;

• Ensure that trucks are not overloaded, thereby reducing maintenance costs;

• The following major projects will be initiated as outlined in Volume 3:

24 Government of Ghana - Payments to Citizens in 2021

Subject: The rise of money laundering through the promotion, suppression and prevention of money laundering.

Issue 3 Tasks and Responsibilities

Cities and towns.

There will be a bus line from Dufor Junction Asikuma Junction (length 39.2 km) and a bus line from Asutuare Aveyime (length 23.9 km) in addition to 2 bridges that will be built to Dufor Junction and Asikuma Junction.

A bridge will be built over the Amugha River in Volga.

The Tatale-Zabzugu-Yendi-Tamale railway will be repaired.

The Zabzugu Nakpali Bimbila trucks will be repaired. This is 73.6 kilometers

The Dome Kitase parking lot will be repaired.

A bridge will be built at Buipe, Yapei and Daboya.

This is the first phase of the 17km long-haul truck.

It's called the "Tender Mercy Truck".

The Assin Praso Assin Foso section 2 of the N8 highway will be repaired.

The second part of the Tema Motorway Ranabauti will be inaugurated.

The steel sections of the deck will be 50No in length.

Some of the roads in Kumasi will be repaired.

Selected streets of Ge and Tema will be paved with cobblestones and painted. 100km

Selected roads will be maintained and widened in Tamale & Yendi (in the Capital Region), Nalerigu, Walewale & Gambaga (in the Capital East Region) and Damango (in the Savannah Region). 100km.

Government of Ghana - Budget 2021 Budget for citizens

Subject: The rise of money laundering through the promotion, suppression and prevention of money laundering.

A WORK That Increases Knowledge of the Bible

4 The bookcase

5 Equal opportunities for men and women

8 Promoting good work and financial literacy

Secondary school students are following COVID-19 prevention protocols.

37. With a view to ensuring universal access to quality education by 2020, the Government has implemented a new curriculum for primary and secondary schools, which was launched in 2017.

• Some 153,000 kindergarten through sixth grade teachers throughout the country were trained in the new curriculum. 290 school principals were trained to handle the operational aspects of the new curriculum;

• School textbooks published by various publishing companies were reviewed and 956 of them were approved for use under the New Curriculum. The President and his cabinet approved the Second Phase of the Curriculum Development Program, the SHS and JHS Curriculum for use;

• 20 new reading centers were established across the country bringing the total number of Government reading centers to 90 and 10 community reading centers and 33 secondary school reading centers were renovated to promote reading, writing and literacy;

• 157,000 instructional materials for the new curriculum were distributed to teachers throughout the country, and 4,086 education professionals were trained as instructors

The Government of Ghana - Budget 2021 for Citizens

Subject: The rise of money laundering through the promotion, suppression and prevention of money laundering.

others in large and small districts assisted 152,000 teachers with the implementation of the new curriculum;

• 840 pickup trucks, 350 buses, and 2,000 motorcycles were rented and given to school administrators to help them with their duties;

• Continued implementation of the Free Secondary Education Program resulting in an increase in the number of secondary school students participating in the Program, with 813,448 students enrolled in the 2016/2017 academic year and 1,200,580 enrolled in the 2019/2020 academic year; and

• Schools are closed to provide a place for students to study under the Secondary Education Free Scheme:

539 out of 1,119 secondary school classrooms started construction in 2017 were completed; and

Secondary school buildings constructed in various districts have been completed in 28 years under the Secondary Education Improvement Programme.

38. In 2021, the Government will:

• train 11,997 kindergarten to grade 6 teachers under the new curriculum and train 95,000 teachers under the new JHS and SHS curricula.

• A preliminary examination will be conducted for students in grades 2 and 4 in all primary schools throughout the country;

• continue to establish nine vocational schools under the Secondary Education Free Scheme;

• establish 20 STEAM centres across the country under the Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics Promotion Scheme.

27 The Government of Ghana - Budget 2021 for Citizens

Subject: The rise of money laundering through the promotion, suppression and prevention of money laundering.

WHAT is it?

39. In February 2021, the Government will continue to support employment, development, agriculture, commodity industries and citizens' self-sufficiency. Therefore, we ask all citizens to do their part and support the Government so that Ghana sees progress and the fruits of our hard work reach everyone.

God bless our country Ghana!

28 Government of Ghana - Budget 2021 Budget for citizens

Subject: The rise of money laundering through the promotion, suppression and prevention of money laundering.

Explanation of some special economic concepts

Small-scale One-Business Center Program: The creation of small-scale business centers and trade centers will increase the country's productivity and economic growth. The goal of this program is to attract more jobs to the country to provide employment to the citizens.

Accountability: The responsibility of a government to be accountable to its citizens for its actions, the use of public funds, and the use of assets under its supervision.

Distribution of funds and assets: The extent to which the Government allocates funds and assets to government agencies.

To alleviate a problem: To alleviate a problem or to alleviate suffering.

Science, Engineering, Mechanical, Engineering, and Mathematics: These subjects are important in education and in designing curricula to promote the application of science and technology.

Budgeting: Budgeting is the process by which the government determines where money comes from and how it will be spent. For example, a family may decide how much money it has and how it will be spent (e.g., rent, electricity, water, and food). If the family needs more money, it may borrow or reduce its spending.

Economic inequality: This occurs when the Government spends more money than it receives or when the amount spent exceeds the amount received.

Government expenditures on public works: This is the amount of money that the government spends on major public works projects, such as building trucks, schools, hospitals, bridges, roads, drinking water, roads, and so forth.

Wages and salaries of civil servants: These include salaries and other benefits paid to civil servants by the Government, Social Security benefits paid to retired civil servants, bonuses, and so forth.

29th Government of Ghana - Budget 2021 Budget for citizens

Subject: The rise of money laundering through the promotion, suppression and prevention of money laundering.

Development Partners: This refers to countries and organizations that provide assistance to other countries by providing loans to them in order to protect their development goals. Partners can be companies or groups of countries. For example, International Monetary Fund (IMF), World Bank, African Development Bank (AfDB) etc. The partner can be a single country. For example, Germany, United Kingdom, United States of America (USA) etc.

End-of-Year Inflation: The increase in the price of goods and services at the end of the year or during the Summer (December).

Overspending: This occurs when the Government spends more money than the Budget.

ESLA Law: The Law on Compensation for the Use of Electricity and Electricity

Disfellowshipping: The procedure followed in disfellowshipping ceremonies.

Free Secondary Education: The Free Secondary Education Scheme introduced by the Government of Ghana under the chairmanship of President Nana Akufo-Addo in February 2017 allows primary school students who have passed the final examination to enter secondary school free of charge under the Free Secondary Education Scheme.

Economic Law: This is the law that governs the collection and administration of taxes by the Government.

Government grants: These are various grants that development agencies give to the government for its development work.

Government grants to government agencies: This is the amount that the Government contributes to the District Assemblies Common Fund (DACF), the Disability Fund, the Ghana Education Trust Fund (GETFUND), the History Fund, and the Public Health Fund, among others.

30 Government of Ghana - 2021 Budget Budget to Citizens

Subject: The rise of money laundering through the promotion, suppression and prosecution of its activities.

Gross Domestic Product: This is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country during a specific time period.

National reserves: This is a measure of a country's ability to import goods and labor from other countries during a specific period of time, as well as the relative weight of its currency relative to that of other countries.

Market value: This is the value of goods and services produced at a particular time.

Progressive Action for the Eradication of Poverty Programme: This programme is one of the flagship programmes of the NPP Government aimed at eradicating poverty and promoting equality between the underprivileged and the well-educated, especially in urban areas.

Debt owed by the government: Debts owed to countries, banks, and financial institutions that lend money to the government to finance its development projects. These debtors may be from within the country or from abroad.

These are measures used to measure the activity of the financial sector, such as growth in the economy, the value of commodities, changes in recruitment policies, and trade with other countries. The success or failure of government monetary policy and other policies implemented by the Central Bank of Ghana affect the economy of the country.

The Growth of Small Businesses: Small businesses are typically businesses that employ fewer people and have a low turnover.

Security clearance: A part of a government contract that covers unclassified information.

Risk Reduction Program: This describes the measures that are in place to minimize the negative effects of certain events.

The Government of Ghana - Budget 2021 for Citizens

Subject: The rise of money laundering through the promotion, suppression and prevention of money laundering.

Employment for the Unemployed: This is a scheme introduced by the Government of Ghana to employ graduates of tertiary education in order to alleviate social problems in the Public and Private Sector to develop their professional skills for the development of the country's economy.

Small Business Administration: This is a non-profit government agency that operates under the supervision of the Department of Commerce and Industry. The mission of this agency is to promote the growth and development of small businesses.

Gross Domestic Product (GDP): The total income of a country from all other sources, excluding oil revenues; this also takes into account the price of goods and services.

Nontaxable Income: Income received by the government that is not taxable, such as royalties and royalties for the use of public property.

Government Debt: This includes the amount paid by the Government to government agencies through the Ministry of Finance and the 2016 Government Debt.

Balance of payments: This is the amount of money or debt left over after the Government has deducted the amount of money needed to pay its bills from its balance sheet (excluding payments made by the Government), usually measured as a percentage of gross domestic product.

The Government Budgeting System: The purpose of this system is to promote the fiscal, budgetary and budgetary management of the Government of Ghana. The system also promotes the efficient use of Government revenues, the proper allocation of funds and assets and the promotion of operational issues through the development of policies and the protection of the necessary capacity of the institutions.

Government of Ghana - Budget 2021 for Citizens

Subject: The rise of money laundering through the promotion, suppression and prevention of money laundering.

Increase in money laundering: Ghana's annual increase in money laundering.

The PFI Program: The Progressive Funding Program for the Self-Employed

Government revenues: This is the sum of money that governments receive from the state and local governments for their activities, excluding government spending.

Animal Husbandry for Employment: An initiative by the Government of Ghana to promote animal husbandry programs that will increase the number of livestock and reduce the importation of animals and animal products from rural areas and promote employment opportunities related to animal husbandry.

Government Support Citizens: This is the support that the Government provides to citizens by distributing water and electricity to them.

Housing Benefit: A financial benefit that a government grants to its citizens to help alleviate their financial problems.

Observation: This is careful observation.

Transparency: This is the process by which the Government informs the public of its actions in a timely manner so that the actions of the Government are transparent to the public.

Doctrines and Lessons: These are things that are animate and inanimate, human and nonhuman, and that are used by teachers in teaching to protect the goals and results of the teaching.

Expenditures and services: Costs incurred by the Government for its operations and services in the administration of the country.

Value Added Tax (VAT): A tax that is added to the price of goods or services.

33 The Government of Ghana - Budget 2021 for Citizens

All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be stored in a retrieval system or transmitted in any or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise without the prior written permission of the Ministry of Finance