FREEDOM and JUSTICE The Republic of Ghana

The EVE

The year 2023 will be the year of the CIVILIZATION OF CIVILIZATION

This leaflet is a summary of the 2023 Budget and Fiscal Policy Plan

Crime Prevention, Investigation and Compliance through Various Activities Sustainability and Valuation of Commodities

2 The Government of Ghana - Debt to 2023 Budget to Citizens

Crime Reduction, Fraud Prevention and Compliance through a variety of activities Sustainability and Value Added Commercials

A Place for Citizens to Explain

The 2023 Budget and Anti-Money Laundering Strategy prepared by the Government of Ghana for Citizens is available online at:

This article is part of our coverage of the 2010 United Nations Convention Against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment.

To request a copy of this brochure, please contact the Treasurer's Office at the address listed below.

Office of public relations

New Building

Ground Floor

Room 001 or 003

P. O. Box 40 MB

Accra Ghana

E-mail: info@mofep.gov.gh

3 Government of Ghana Debt to 2023 Budget to Citizens

∀! Now look at ∀Footnote: The word ∀fe` is italicized in the lower list: ∀Footnote 1...∀, the ∀fe` is in italics: ∀fe`. Wait, in the heading: ∀Footnote: Is it ∀fe` or ∀ƒe`? Wait, look at ∀Footnote: The 'f' has a straight bottom on the baseline. Yes, it's wrapped in two lines inside quotes.

on its own line before EVERY paragraph, heading, list item, caption or text box. Text of one paragraph goes on the lines after its marker; join lines that are only wrapped (and de-hyphenate words split across lines)." So:

Recovery of Large Cash Funds, Savings and Retention through Various Activities Sustainability and Value Added to Commodities Next, the heading:

Next, the Table of Contents entries: Entry 1:

4 Wait, let's count dots or just put dots? Let's see:

It's not like I'm going to be able to do it.

This is the first time I've ever seen a movie based on a true story, and I've never seen a movie based on a true story, and I've never seen a movie based on a true story, but I've seen a movie based on a true story, and I've seen a movie based on a true story, and I've seen a movie based on a true story, and I've seen a movie based on a true story, and I've seen a movie based on a true story, and I've seen a movie based on a true story, and I've seen a movie based on a true story, and I've seen a movie based on a true story, and I've seen a movie based on a true story.

This is a list of all the people who have been awarded the Nobel Peace Prize, sorted by their surname, their country of birth, and their U.S. citizenship, and the years in which they have been awarded the prize.

Wait! Look at `DZIĐUĐUA`: Wait, is the second letter `Đ` or `Ɖ`? Both are `Ɖ`.

Crime Reduction, Fraud Prevention and Compliance through a variety of activities Sustainability and Value Added Commercials

We are currently going through a difficult time caused by rising oil prices, Ghana's sovereign debt crisis, and high oil prices in developing countries.These factors are causing a decline in the value of our goods and services and are causing economic hardship to our citizens.However, we are still united.

5 The Government of Ghana Debt to Citizens Budget 2023

Crime Prevention, Fraud Prevention and Integrity through Diversity of Practices against Corruption and Value Added Taxes

Getting Started

It is an undeniable fact that this year has been one of the most economically troubled years in the country.Like the rest of the world, we were hit hard by the Kovid-19 pandemic in the first three months of 2020.This has resulted in a decrease in the number of financial crimes.This has resulted in a decrease in revenue and the need to spend money on unplanned measures to prevent the spread of the disease.

As we emerge from the ravages of the Kovid-19 pandemic and begin implementing the policies that will bring about change, a series of steps emerge. These steps have undermined the economic recovery we saw from 2017 to 2019. The first step was the Russia-Ukraine trade war. Later, the lack of support for the fiscal reforms in the 2022 budget made the signs of economic recovery less encouraging. For the first time in a decade, the global economy is moving in the right direction. The country's cash flow for development projects has also been constrained, and interest rates on loans have risen, all of which have led to higher interest rates on loans and a sharp drop in the value of the dollar.

Despite the decline in the value of our foreign exchange reserves, the cost of importing goods has increased. In addition, the increase in the cost of borrowing has further reduced the value of our currency. This has made life more difficult for all of us, both the Government and the citizens. The increase in inflation has led to an increase in the prices of many goods and services by 40.4 percent in 2022.

We are all subject to all kinds of trials and tribulations because we know that we are subject to them.

6 Government of Ghana 2023 Budget for Citizens

Crime Reduction, Fraud Prevention and Compliance through a variety of activities Sustainability and Value Added Commercials

As the Government, we are grateful to the various stakeholders in the development of the country such as the Parliament, Employment Boards, Trade Unions, Citizens' Associations, Religious Groups, Arts and Crafts Commission of Ghana, Trade Union Confederation of Ghana, Education, Lawmakers and Ghanaians who have patiently endured this difficult time with us as we strive to resolve the issues.

I, His Excellency President Nana Addo Danquah Akuffo Addo, hereby assure all Ghanaians that the Government is working on a comprehensive package of measures to address the most serious financial crimes and to promote tax collection, implement reforms, expand computing and development services, reduce unnecessary imports, promote the import of domestically produced goods, ensure that goods imported into Ghana are accepted by Ghanaians under fair and equitable taxation.

The lessons that we have learned as a nation during this time make it necessary for us to re-invent our game of cricket to make it stronger. We need to do it better. We need to get through this difficult time and be stronger. May the Lord help us and give us the strength to do it.

God bless you.

Ken Ofori-Atta Chief of Staff of the Ministry of Finance

7 Government of Ghana Debt to 2023 Budget to Citizens

Crime Reduction, Fraud Prevention and Compliance through a variety of activities Sustainability and Value Added Commercials

What Does the Bible Really Teach?

1. The Fiscal Year 2023 Budget is the work done by the Government in Fiscal Year 2022 and the amount it expects to receive to carry out fiscal policies and development projects. The subject matter of the Fiscal Year 2023 Budget is: Preventing, Reducing and Controlling Serious Financial Crimes through Different Activities Fiscal Assurance and Value Added Products.

In the past, many new development projects have been cancelled and existing ones have been abandoned. This not only hurts our finances, but also causes us to incur long-term debt that increases the cost of development projects, because we make a profit on the long-term debt that we have not paid.

3. In February 2023, the Government will plan and implement new development projects, but will ensure that all ongoing development projects are completed.

8 Government of Ghana Debt 2023 Payment of financial services to citizens

Crime Reduction, Fraud Prevention and Compliance through a variety of activities Sustainability and Value Added Commercials

This article is part of a series of articles that will be discussed in this article.

The Role of Money Laundering

5. In the revised Fiscal Year 2022 Financial Crimes Resolution as amended in the Fiscal Year Article, the Government has committed to meet the following objectives in Fiscal Year 2022:

i. the national debt for goods and services shall be increased by a percentage of 3.7;

ii. the national debt for commodities would inevitably increase by 4.3 percent;

iii. Gambling on the purchase or sale of securities at the close of the transaction shall be at the rate of 28.5 per cent;

iv. The amount of money required by the Government to finance the development works shall be 6.6 per cent of the national debt on goods and services;

v. The remaining amount will be 0.4 percent of the principal amount of the goods; and

son. The government bonds will be paid to the father six times the price of goods and services imported by the government from rural areas for at least three and a half months.

6. Allegations of financial crime from Dzove to Anyonyo in February 2022 suggest that international and domestic challenges continue to weigh on the country's financial stability. This has resulted in a sudden drop in the Ghanaian government debt (Ghana's currency), an increase in commodity prices, a burden on government borrowing, and an economic downturn.

9 Government of Ghana Debt to 2023 Budget to Citizens

Crime Reduction, Fraud Prevention and Compliance through a variety of activities Sustainability and Value Added Commercials

Despite the Government's efforts to address the problem of money laundering and the use of funds to combat it, these problems remain. The allegations of unauthorized money laundering activities from Dzove to Anyonyo in February 2022 are as follows:

vii. The national debt to commodities increased by 4.0 per cent in FY 2021 compared to 3.9 per cent in the same period;

viii. The increase in the price of commodities increased from 33.9 percent in December to 37.2 percent in January, and then again to 40.4 percent in January. The increase in the price of all commodities was caused by food and non-food commodities.

ix. The amount of money the government needs to raise to finance development projects is 7.4 percent of the national debt, compared to the target of 6.2 percent of the national debt. However, the remaining amount is 2.0 percent of the national debt, compared to the target of 1 percent of the national debt.

10 Government of Ghana Debt 2023 Budget for the citizens

Crime Reduction, Fraud Prevention and Compliance through a variety of activities Sustainability and Value Added Commercials

Payment of the 2021 debt, the previous debt and the remaining debt.

x. Until the end of the fiscal year in February 2022, the national debt was equal to 75.9 percent of the gross national product debt, as opposed to 76.7 percent of the gross national product debt at the end of the fiscal year in February 2021.

xi. Government debt stood at USD 6,591.8 million (equivalent to 2.9 months of export earnings) at the end of April in FY 2022, while debt stood at USD 9,695.2 million (equivalent to 4.3 months of export earnings) at the end of FY 2021; and

xii. Ghana's debt-to-equity ratio declined to 54.2 percent in U.S. dollars, from 48.5 percent in British pounds, to 3.1 percent at the end of February 2021.

11 Government of Ghana Debt to 2023 Budget to Citizens

Crime Reduction, Fraud Prevention and Compliance through a variety of activities Sustainability and Value Added Commercials

FUNDING PROJECTS for 2022 and how they will be used

7. The revised Financial Crimes Strategy of February 2022 has further addressed the challenges faced by the international community as well as those faced by the country.

8. The allegations related to the Government's payment of financial penalties from December to December 2022 show that the Government did not meet the amount of money expected to be collected, but the Government complied with the payment of expenditure targets from time to time as planned.

Increase in Government Revenue

9. The amount of money received by the Government and the amount of money paid to the Government was 65,399 million Ghanaians (11.0 per cent of the national debt) while the amount the Government expected to receive was 67,307 million Ghanaians (11.4 per cent of the national debt) and the Government received 49,108 million Ghanaians (10.7 per cent of the national debt) in February 2022.

10. Ghana has a deficit of 1.909 billion dirhams, or 2.8 per cent of the country's trade debt, to add to the amount of revenue that the Government has already collected to the amount that the Government expects to collect. This would result in a fiscal deficit of 33.2 per cent of the previous debt. The Government was unable to collect the expected revenue due to the failure to collect various taxes as planned.

11. The first issue shows the various taxes collected from June to April 2022. The first issue of the commentary shows the various taxes collected by the Government from June to April 2022.

12 Government of Ghana Debt to citizens in 2023

Crime Reduction, Fraud Prevention and Compliance through a variety of activities Sustainability and Value Added Commercials

Explanatory note to Issue 1: Summary of loans received by the Government from December to December in Fiscal Year 2022

Income other than fuel or taxes 10%

Other income, 7%

Contributions to the State, 1%

The amount of money that the Government...

Taxes other than fuel, 68%

Government Spending.

12. The amount of money that the Government spent (including the payment of water bills and other charges) in February 2022 amounted to 109,421 million Ghanaians cents (18.5 percent of the public debt). This amount is slightly higher than the amount of money planned to be spent on development works of 103,992 million Ghanaians cents (17.6 percent of the public debt) and 5.2 percent of the public debt.

13. An explanation of the various uses of money is given in a footnote to the second issue.

13 Government of Ghana Debt to 2023 Budget to Citizens

Crime Prevention, Fraud Prevention and Integrity through Diversity of Practices Sustainability and Value of Goods

2nd edition of the report: How the Government spent money from December to April in February 2022

Government subsidies for public works 16%

Investment in development projects 10%

Other investments 7%

Borrowing water bottles 9%

Other liabilities 0%

Government employees pay 25% of their salary

Interest on loans 29%

Cost of equipment and services 4%

Getting Started in Progressive Activities

14. The government's debt for development projects made Ghana eligible to borrow 44,022 million zlotys (7.4 per cent of the national debt), while the planned debt was 36,684 million zlotys (6.2 per cent of the national debt). The government obtained most of the funds it needed to borrow from various banks in the country. The amount the government borrowed from foreign banks to finance the debt was 6,531 million zlotys (1.1 per cent of the national debt).

National Debt as of 2022

15. The unconfirmed indictment showed that the debt owed to the state as of February 2022 was Ghana 467,371.32 million zlotys (USD 48,871.34 million). This amount is equal to 75.9 percent of the debt owed to the state for commodities. This amount includes the debt owed to the state of Ghana of 195,657.61 million zlotys, which is equal to 31.8 percent of the debt owed to the state for commodities, while

14 Government of Ghana Debt 2023 Budget for the citizens

Crime Reduction, Fraud Prevention and Compliance through a variety of activities Sustainability and Value Added Commercials

The total amount of debt owed by Ghana to the developing countries was 271,713.71 million Ghanaians, which is equivalent to 44.1 percent of the country's gross domestic product (GDP).

16. The increase in the Government's debt to various debtors in the country was caused by an increase in the interest paid by the Government on loans / mortgages, and the increase in the Government's debt to foreign countries was caused by a decrease in the debt burden of the Ghanaian economy.

Debt report 3rd edition: Debt situation of the country (February 2018 to June 2022)

External Debt Domestic Debt Total Public Debt Rate of Debt Accumulation Total Debt/GDP Debt accumulation is the ratio of total debt to GDP divided by the ratio of total debt to GDP divided by the ratio of total debt to GDP.

Stock of Debt (in billions of GH¢)

700.0 600.0 500.0 400.0 300.0 200.0 100.0 -

56.1% 61.2% 74.4% 76.7% 75.9%

21.4% 26.1% 33.6% 20.7% 32.7%

467.4 352.1 195.7 291.6 181.8 218.2 149.8 173.1 271.7 105.5 86.9 170.3 141.8 112.7 86.2

2018 2019 2020 2021 Sept. 2022 and

The problem: The financial system

15 Government of Ghana Debt 2023 Debt Budget to the citizens

Crime Prevention, Investigation and Compliance through Various Activities Sustainability and Valuation of Commodities

The 2023 targets for the largest money laundering operations to be carried out in low-value countries

17. The Government has developed and implemented a multi-year strategic action plan on major economic reforms (2023-2026);

i. the gross domestic product will grow at a rate of 4.3 percent per year;

ii. the unemployment rate of the national product will increase by 4.0%;

iii. The value of the goods or the volume of trade that is reviewed shall be divided by the percentage 8+2

iv. From February 2023 to 2026, the remaining cash or debt shall be equal to 1.3 per cent of gross domestic product; and

v. The owner of the nation's reserves may purchase goods from reserves for a period of not less than four months.

18. The Government has reviewed the targets of major financial crimes and set targets for the next few years and has made the following recommendations on major financial crimes for FY2023 as follows;

i. 2.8 percent of the gross national product;

ii. an arbitrary deduction of 3.0 per cent of the national product;

iii. Until the end of FY2026

Reduction of capital crime, corruption and corruption through diversification of activities and value-added taxation

A CENTURY OF GREAT WORKS to be accomplished by the year 2023

Tax incentives

19. In order to stabilize the economic situation of the country, the Government has submitted to Parliament for consideration and approval tax proposals with an interest rate equal to 1.35 per cent of the gross national product. These tax proposals include:

• Taxation of tobacco products will be revised to bring them into line with ECOWAS standards, with higher taxes on spirits than on beer.

• Increase the VAT rate by 2.5 percent from 12.5 percent to 15 percent. Additionally, the VAT rate will be revised to include significant changes in exemptions.

• Conversion of the NFSL tax into the GSL with a view to encompassing all businesses.

• Reduce the E-Levy from 1.5 percent to 1 percent and eliminate non-recurring charges.

• Other tax benefits include:

○ The sale of the 5G Electromagnetic Spectrum that is used to access the Internet.

○ Increase awareness of property taxes.

○ A new national highway system will be built at Jubilee Field for the greater benefit of the nation; and

○ Reviewed bills will reduce anticipated overpayments

17 Government of Ghana Budget 2023 to Citizens

Rehabilitation of Major Crimes, Fraud Prevention and Compliance through Various Activities against Coercive and Value Added Taxes

This is not to say that we have not been paid our taxes in full, but that we have been cheated out of the money we owe these people.

Budgeting

20. In addition to the fiscal policy, the Government has implemented the following key fiscal policies to support the country's debt relief efforts.

• The LEAP will double the amount of monthly payments from GSA 45 to GSA 90 and increase the number of years of payments to 344,185 years of current payments.These payment mechanisms will increase the amount of funding for the LEAP Program from GSA 195.5 million in February 2022 to GSA 395 million;

• The amount of money paid to the Foodservice Providers under the Elementary School Food Supply Scheme will be increased by 38 million Ghanaian pounds.

• Increase by 30 percent the salaries of the President, Vice Presidents, Ambassadors, Ambassadors, Deputy Ambassadors, Governors and other officials working in the public sector;

• A reduction in the tax rate on certain capital gains from 25 percent to 17.5 percent;

• All of these special funds will be implemented through the implementation of the GIFMIS Program and will ensure that GIFMIS is implemented in all correctional facilities and correctional facilities. This program will be implemented by the end of February 2023.

• Adjust the salaries of employees working in the public sector to be no higher than the salaries of other civil servants paid under the Single Spine Structure Pay Scheme in each sector.

18 Government of Ghana Debt to 2023 Budget to Citizens

Crime Reduction, Fraud Prevention and Compliance through a variety of activities Sustainability and Value Added Commercials

Looking forward to making progress in February 2023

21.In February 2023, the amount of money the Government expects to receive and the amount of money it will be owed will be Ghanaian Dh143,956 million (18.0 percent of the national debt).Debts that are the main source of revenue for the Government - especially the collection of taxes - will provide the Government with the amount of money it expects to receive and the amount of money it expects to receive will be equal to 1.35 percent of the national debt.

22. The amount the Government expects to receive from the taxpayers for development work will be 2,403 million Ghanaian dirhams (0.5 per cent of the national debt).

Explanatory note 3rd edition: Funding for development works by Explanatory note 2023 (In millions of Ghanaian dirhams)

Contributions to the State

GH¢2,404

Other taxes

GH¢6,151

Taxes

GH¢23,455

Money that is not taxable to them (I don't give..

GH¢12,308

Income tax (not included)

GH¢99,639

Government revenues in the country

GH¢141,553

The money that the government earns and spends is taxed.

GH¢143,956

Funded by: The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency

19 The Government of Ghana Debt 2023 Debt Budget to the citizens

Crime Reduction, Fraud Prevention and Compliance through a variety of activities Sustainability and Value Added Commercials

Budget for Operations in February 2023

23. The total amount of money that the Government will spend (including the payment of water bills) will be GSD 205,431 million (25.6 per cent of Gross Domestic Product). This means that the Government's expenditure will be 0.3 per cent of Gross Domestic Product less than expected in February 2022. This means that the Government is committed to solving the country's financial problems in the best possible way. The amount of money that the Government will spend on development projects in February 2023 is shown in the explanatory note to the 5th edition.

Explanatory note 4th edition: Announcement of activities in February 2023

(In millions of U.S. dollars)

Payment of debts owed to the State

GH¢14,435

Other uses

GH¢27,636

The funds allocated by the Government..

GH¢30,079

Payment of interest on government loans

GH¢52,550

Costs of relief work

GH¢27,694

Tools and crafts

GH¢8,048

Salary of civil servants

GH¢44,990

Budget group

GH¢205,432

The problem: The financial system

Implementation of the Budget and Fiscal Progress in February 2023

24. Regarding the total amount of money that the Government has planned to receive and receive (including payment of water bills), the Government shall require Ghana to borrow S$61,475 million, equivalent to 7.7 per cent of the country's gross domestic product (GDP), to finance its development activities.

20 Government of Ghana Debt 2023 Budget for the citizens

Crime Reduction, Fraud Prevention and Compliance through a variety of activities Sustainability and Value Added Commercials

This amount is equal to 1.1 percent of the national debt on goods and services.

25. The Government expects to obtain additional funds from various debts in foreign countries and within Ghana. The Government's remaining funds will come from taxpayers. One of these taxpayers is the IMF with which the Government is currently negotiating to settle the Government's debts.

21 Government of Ghana Debt to 2023 Budget to Citizens

Crime Reduction, Fraud Prevention and Compliance through a variety of activities Sustainability and Value Added Commercials

Other Places Where Marriages Are Performed

27. This section sets out the key activities undertaken by the Government in various departments in FY2022 and other activities planned for FY2023.

28.These targets and priorities relate to the national development agenda that the Government is working on from February 2022 to February 2026.The objective of this agenda is to safeguard the Government's Covid-19 Insurance Recovery, Industrial Recovery and Growth Plan.In addition, the agenda also aims to safeguard the United Nations Development Goal 2023 (Year of Sustainable Development) and the African Development Goal 2063 of the United Nations.

29. This section outlines the major development projects undertaken by the Government along with plans and further development projects to be undertaken by 2023.

Food intake

30. As part of the Government's plan to bring about a change in farmers' incomes from food production, 2.5 million tonnes of surplus food has been distributed to farmers in the February 2022 crop year.

A total of 120,000 chickens and other birds were distributed by the government to the poultry farmers. These poultry farmers are women and live in Metropolita, Minisipa and nine sub-districts (Savelugu, Sagnarigu, Wa Municipal, Nandom, Sissala East, Nkwanta South, Techiman North and Nkoranza) according to the Animal Husbandry and Welfare Commission.

32. In addition to this, the Government will also distribute 3,750 wild animals to various ranches and 45 breeders to strengthen them in managing their herds, in case of crop failure.

22 Government of Ghana Debt to 2023 Budget to Citizens

Crime Reduction, Fraud Prevention and Compliance through a variety of activities Sustainability and Value Added Commercials

33. In February 2023, the Government will boost the food security of farmers by distributing 5.65 million bags of eggs, yogurt, nuts, dates, mangoes and rubber to 175,000 food farmers.

The government is building 65 warehouses that will add 80,000 metric tons of grain and other grain debts to those already incurred by the country according to the Provincial Excise Tax so that the repeated loss of crops after the crisis will create problems for farmers who will not be able to harvest them, but instead will have to borrow money for fraudulent schemes.

35. In February 2023, the Government will complete Phase III of the Irrigation Crop Irrigation Project in Tamne, which will extend to Sunyeri, Tousal/Jeyiri, Tasundo and Gilang to irrigate crops in Vunamia and Gilang.

Advancing the Use of Genetically Engineered Fertilizers

36. As synthetic fertilizers became scarce, and increased dramatically as a result of the global food shortage crisis, the Government increased the use of non-synthetic fertilizers to compensate for the use of synthetic fertilizers that were not commercially viable. This measure promoted food security issues and reduced food insecurity.

37. In February 2023, the Government will promote the development of non-pharmaceutical fertilizers. The Government will further expand the development of non-pharmaceutical fertilizers through the development of automated machinery for their production. The EXIM fund will support the Government in this endeavour.

38. In February 2022, the Government set up 125 fish farms (108 farms and 16 fish ponds), raised 17,460 bags of food from flocks of fish and distributed farms and ponds with fish calves for commercial fishing and aquaculture.

23 Government of Ghana Debt to 2023 Budget to Citizens

Crime Reduction, Fraud Prevention and Compliance through a variety of activities Sustainability and Value Added Commercials

In addition, 294 people have been trained in sustainable fish farming and 408 people have been trained in the production of fish food.

39. By February 2023, the Government will acquire 300 farms, 40 fish farms and 52 fish hatcheries and will provide 35,000 bags of feed, 3 million chickens and turtles to fish farmers in 50 categories.

Coconut farming

40. In the field of poultry farming, the Government sought 147,000 jobs for the citizens through various schemes such as restructuring of poultry farming, replanting of coconut trees, cultivation of coconut children, hiring and selling them. The Government used this scheme with the aim of involving young people in agriculture to reduce the migration of young people from small towns to large cities.

41. In February 2023, the Government will continue to work on these plans to seek additional employment agencies in addition to the existing ones to consolidate the issue of public unemployment insurance debts and to reduce the unemployment debt burden on the Government.

Electrical Power and Details

42. In order to facilitate the generation and distribution of electricity and to ensure the availability of electricity, the Volta-Achimota-Mallam high-speed railway, with a capacity of 161 kW, has been completed and is in operation.

24 Government of Ghana Debt to 2023 Budget to Citizens

Crime Reduction, Fraud Prevention and Compliance through a variety of activities Sustainability and Value Added Commercials

43. As part of the Government's target to achieve full electrification of the country by February 2024, electricity has been extended to 157 districts in January 2022. This has resulted in an increase in electricity consumption in the country from 87.03 per cent to 88.54 per cent in February 2021.

44. As part of the Government's plan to attract renewable electricity to the island communities and the partially inland lowlands, the electricity transmission to the islands of Azizkpe, Aflive and Alorkpem was completed in the Ada East Lowlands of the Greater Geyser Basin.

45. In February 2023, the Government will complete the preparatory programmes for the electrification from Ge to Kumasi, Western Corridor and the training of advanced electricians.

46. The Government will extend to 400 more towns and cities the 4th and 5th Individual Assistance in Electricity Delivery and Turnkey Projects in February 2023. This project includes extending electricity deliveries to selected districts such as Ahafo, Ashanti, Bono, Gbegãndzi and Gbegãndzi East districts. The Government will also extend the distribution of electricity that performs various functions on the streets to the Metropolita, Minisipality and Small Towns across the country.

25 Government of Ghana Debt 2023 Debt Budget to the citizens

Crime Reduction, Fraud Prevention and Compliance through a variety of activities Sustainability and Value Added Commercials

Recruitment

47. By the end of FY 2022, the Recruitment Department will have recruited 80,735 youths in various occupations.

48. In February 2022, the Government has undertaken the following tasks under the Recruitment and Retention in Employment Scheme:

• The government planted trees on 645 acres of damaged land, creating 2,300 jobs; and

• 20 million tonnes of cereal crops were harvested in support of the Agricultural Improvement Fund, which resulted in the creation of 80,071 jobs for young people, both on- and off-the-job, in Akotom, Adinkra, Techire, Akwatiakwaso, Fufuo and Hohoe.

49. In February 2023, the Government will continue to carry out the following tasks:

• Restoring 1000 acres of damaged land in selected areas, encouraging the cultivation of food crops such as tea, palm, palm and mango trees to support agriculture and tree plantation;

• 10 food vouchers for special projects that will provide employment for 100,000 people; and

• Training 20,000 casual miners and prospective casual miners, 200 small-scale miners, in mining and in health, safety, and other safety measures in iron ore mines.

26 Government of Ghana Debt 2023 Payment of financial services to citizens

Crime Reduction, Fraud Prevention and Compliance through a variety of activities Sustainability and Value Added Commercials

Unemployment Rate and Unemployment Rate for Young People

50. The Government intends to provide employment to at least one million indebted youth from February 2022 to 2025, by providing low-interest loans to enable young people to establish self-employment in accordance with the Youth Employment and Unemployment Incentive Scheme (YouStart).

You start

The chances of a youth-led start-up business getting support are low.

It's time to make a difference with YouStart initiative

The World Bank

51. The scheme will be implemented in three phases to support young people with less than 40 credits to set up small businesses. The scheme will provide training for young people, market access and legal and regulatory support for young people. 70 young people have participated in the scheme and a total of 1.98 million Ghanaian dirhams has been spent on these projects.

52. The government signed a memorandum of understanding with the Ghana Bank Loans Association and 11 loans for the implementation of the Youth Employment and Unemployment Fund (YouStart).

27 Government of Ghana Debt to 2023 Budget to Citizens

Reducing, preventing and sustaining large-scale financial crime through diversification of activities and value-added markets

Moving to Ghana to Meet the Challenge of Climate Change

53. As of February 2022, approximately 26.65 million species of conifers have been planted, of which 24.44 million are classified according to the Ghana Daily Index. In addition, 12.9 million species of conifers have been planted and distributed. These include ofram, emire, wawa, palm teak, cedar, gmelina, cassia, eucalyptus and mahogani.

Celebrating the Day of Ghana

A total of 11,692 acres of land were planted with a revised target of 17,000 acres according to the National Reclamation Board.

55. As part of Planting Ghana Day, approximately 20 million trees will be planted in February 2023.

56. Global warming is a serious problem for the entire world and is affecting our health, food and climate change-sensitive countries like Ghana.According to the V20 Report on the Effects of Climate Change, Ghana lost 15,200,001,695 US dollars from 2000 to 2019.

28 Government of Ghana Budget 2023 to Citizens

Crime Reduction, Fraud Prevention and Compliance through a variety of activities Sustainability and Value Added Commercials

57. The Government will promote the development of drought-tolerant crops in agriculture. This is an important part of the Climate Change Adaptation Program and the Government will fund irrigation crop development projects throughout the country. In addition, diversification of livestock will be promoted so that livestock farmers are financially empowered and reduce the negative impacts of non-adaptation of crops to climate change.

Fresh and Clean Wine

In February 2022, the Phase 3 of the Drinking Water Quality Improvement Project to Five Sub-Regions, renamed STRABAG Drinking Water Quality Improvement Project, was completed. The sub-regions participating in this water quality improvement project are Adaklu Lower; Agotime-Ziope; Central Tongu; Ho West and North Tongu. Upon completion of these projects, 424 municipalities and more than 234,000 residents will participate in the water quality improvement project.

59. The government continues to implement clean-up projects that will reduce pollution and displacement, thus ensuring the safety of people, businesses, and property. These projects are currently underway and have reached various milestones: 97 percent complete on the Dansoman project; 95 percent complete on the Komenda project; 92 percent complete on the Elmina Project; 80 percent complete on the Cape Coast Project; 75 percent complete on the Anomabu Project; 40 percent complete on the Dixcove Project; 45 percent complete on the Aboadze Project; and 50 percent complete on the N-Pampram Project.

60. In February 2023, the Government will resume these dredging operations and initiate additional dredging operations to eliminate marine debris in Blekusu (Part II), Apam, Axim (Part II), La and

29 Government of Ghana Debt to 2023 Budget to Citizens

Crime Reduction, Fraud Prevention and Compliance through a variety of activities Sustainability and Value Added Commercials

Teshie, Dansoman (Second Floor), Shama, Ningo-Pampram (Second Floor), Tema New Town, Aŋlɔga, Takoradi and also the Maritime University.

30 Government of Ghana Debt to 2023 Budget to Citizens

Rehabilitation of Major Crimes, Fraud Prevention and Compliance through Various Activities against Coercive and Value Added Taxes

The Introduction of the Bible

61. In February 2022, the La Beach bus toll project was resumed. This project will increase the number of pigs crossing the Accra Tema Beach Road toll road. In addition, the Nungua Barrier is being constructed with a pedestrian bridge with three different heights for trucks.

The La Beach cable car

62. As part of the Government's efforts to increase the number of two-lane highways and improve road safety, construction of the Tema to Aflao and the Tema to Akosombo highways has begun. The Assin Fosu to Assin Praso highway, 1.2 km long, is being upgraded to allow for two-lane highways. This highway will pass through Assin Fosu and will be converted into a four-lane highway. Work began again on the bridge that crosses under the railroad tracks; and work resumed on the aqueduct between Assin Fosu and Assin Prasso.

63. Construction of the Obetsebi Lamptey high-rise skyscraper is underway on the Circle tower Phase II and other related works. In addition, once Phase I of the Tema Motowɛ Ranabauti project is completed, construction of Phase II, consisting of three high-rise skyscrapers on top of each other, will begin.

The Government of Ghana Debt 2023 Loan to Citizens

Rehabilitation of Major Crimes, Fraud Prevention and Compliance through Various Activities against Coercive and Value Added Taxes

Obetsebi Lamptey plays the main character in Part 2

64. Major inter-regional and inter-regional routes commenced in 2019 have reached various stages of completion. Routes that have been completed include:

Number. Name of the project. Location. Distance (km)

1 Osiem - Begoro Revisited Part 5 The East 24.8 The East Part 2 Part 3 Part 3 Part 4 Part 3 Part 4 Part 3 Part 4 Part 3 Part 3 Part 4 Part 3 Part 4 Part 3 Part 4 Part 3 Part 4 Part 3 Part 4 Part 3 Part 4 Part 3 Part 4 Part 3 Part 4 Part 3 Part 4 Part 3 Part 4 Part 3 Part

Two: The Golokwati-Wli Highway is back to its former glory.

3 Examples The return of the Beposo Road to its former glory, Part 3 Ashanti 7.0

It's the first time I've ever seen a movie like this, and it's the first time I've ever seen a movie like this, and it's the first time I've ever seen a movie like this.

Question: Reproduction of a section of the Sixth Avenue.

6 -- Tamale -- The opening of the Salaga Tunnel -- Part 1 -- Hospital -- 25.4

32 Government of Ghana Debt to 2023 Budget to Citizens

Crime Reduction, Fraud Prevention and Compliance through a variety of activities Sustainability and Value Added Commercials

The following are some of the other ongoing cases that have reached various stages of completion:

Numbers. Name of the project. Area. Length (km.)

1 The Navrongo-Naga Trail has been restored to its former glory (from 2.7 kilometers to 42.2 kilometers) Part 1 Far East 39.5 45

2 The Wa-Bulenga-Yaala Trail has been restored to its former glory (from 6.0 kilometers to 37.0 kilometers) - Part 1 The Great Western Railway 31.0 52

3 Salaga - Ekumdipe - Kpandai Highway improved (from 26.7 km to 45.3 km) and Kpandai Nkanchina Highway improved (from 10.8 km) - Part 2 General Hospital 29.4 69

4 The Yagaba-Mankarigu Highway has been upgraded (from 12.0 km to 24.0 km) and the Mankarigu-Nauni Highway has been upgraded (from 0.0 km to 17.5 km) Section 4 North East 29.5 76

5".Dragonfly - Mankarigu Disease is back and it's better than ever (from Savannah) 33.1 52

The Government of Ghana Debt 2023 Loan to Citizens

Crime Reduction, Fraud Prevention and Compliance through a variety of activities Sustainability and Value Added Commercials

30.0 kilometers to 63.1 kilometers) The fifth part.

6 Improving math Improving mental health Bono East 35.0 30

7 Anwiankwanta Obasi Street is back and better than ever Ashanti 30.0 90

8 Nalerigu The railway has improved again (from 6.0 km to 46.0 km) Stage 2 North-East 40.0 70

9 Changes in New Abirem Ofoasekuma Highway (from 0.0 to 33.2 km) Phase 2 East 33.2 99

10 Bogoso Insu Siding-Huni Valley Highway is back to its former glory Phase 4 Western Reserve 26.0 83

11 Sefwi Wiawso - The number of kilometers traveled has improved again (from 0.0 to 15.0 kilometers) - Part 2 Western North 15.0 75

12 The Akrodie-Sayer Highway has been upgraded from 0.0 km to 20.0 km Part 1 Ahafo 20.0 85

13 Menji The Bui Road is back to its former glory (from 0.0 km to 30.0 km) - Part 1 Bono 30.0 98.4

14 modifying some of the traffic patterns in the metropolitan area metropolitan 25.0 78

34 Government of Ghana Debt to 2023 Budget to Citizens

Crime Reduction, Fraud Prevention and Compliance through a variety of activities Sustainability and Value Added Commercials

Education

66. In line with the Government's commitment to ensuring that schools and educational institutions have access to the necessary equipment for their day-to-day operations, the Government has allocated 175 of the 66 buses, 71 pickup trucks and 2 farm tractors to secondary schools and vocational schools throughout the country.

67. In February 2022, the Government trained 3,724 professional men and 3,715 professional women in 29 schools providing training in community development, crafts and handicrafts to develop skills for employment opportunities and poverty reduction.

68. In addition, education officers in 248 districts were trained in rural development at the Rural Development College in Kwaso to help them mobilize the community for development projects.

69. The Government will train 500 educators on community development and introduce new training methods for non-agricultural occupations. Opportunities such as soap making, kettlebelling, shoe and bag making will be used to promote community economic development.

Health issues

In Ghana, malaria is one of the top ten leading causes of death. So as part of the Government's effort to eradicate malaria, a special computer science (LSM Implemented app) has been launched to

35 Government of Ghana Debt to 2023 Budget to Citizens

Reduction of capital crime, corruption and corruption through diversification of activities and value-added taxation

identify and eliminate mosquito-infested areas in the community. A healthcare training center has begun implementing computerized diagnostics and has deployed an ambulance equipped with healthcare equipment to facilitate the movement of healthcare workers in patient care.

71. In 2022, the Government has completed the construction of Small Health Centres in Debiso, Nsutam and Tiawia; the construction of a health centre for small communities in Konongo; the Government has also completed the construction of hospitals and residential facilities in Aflao, Elubo, Keta, Kumasi South and Sewua; and the construction of an HIV/AIDS Care Centre and a COVID-19 Care Centre in Korle-Bu.

72. In 2023, the Government will continue to implement measures to prevent health workers from leaving the country. This will be done through the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding between the Government of Ghana and the Government of the United Kingdom.

73. The Government will continue to establish the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases in Ghana. In addition, the development of anti-malarial drugs will begin in 2023 to reduce the number of malaria deaths in the country.

36 Government of Ghana Budget 2023 for Citizens

Crime Reduction, Fraud Prevention and Compliance through a variety of activities Sustainability and Value Added Commercials

Citizens Pay for Citizenship

74. In February 2022, the Government recruited 5,000 police officers to the Ghana Police Force as part of the Government's efforts to promote security and ensure law and order in the country.

75. The Police Complaints Division and the Criminal Investigation Division were assigned additional units to deal with unsolved conspiracy cases. The Special Complaints Division was assigned to urban areas. In addition, the Motorcycle Traffic Division was assigned to selected metropolitan areas. The Dog and Horse Task Force was assigned to rural areas. These new police programs were among the tasks that would improve public safety in the country.

76. The Government continued to implement the Section III Workers Compensation Scheme. This scheme included 320 hours of work for the Ghana Police in the Ghana Police Training Centre in Tesano.

77. The Government, through the National Disaster Response Team, provided assistance to 15,772 disaster victims.

78. In February 2023, the Police Pay Commission shall perform the following functions:

• Establishment of the Riot Police to deal with the issue of riot police officers in 16 districts to ensure that citizens comply with the law and order and to stop riots if they arise;

• training and equipping the Criminal Investigation Police to prepare for crimes such as robbery;

37 Government of Ghana Debt to 2023 Budget to Citizens

Crime Reduction, Gambling Prevention and Control through a variety of activities to combat money laundering and tax evasion

• 100 police vehicles and 1,500 police officers to be deployed in the districts to conduct police patrols in the districts and on large trucks to promote operational issues to reduce the incidence of robberies; and

Police officers in all the Special Areas (18) to ensure that drivers comply with traffic laws and regulations to reduce reckless driving and accidents on our roads.

79. The Government will continue public awareness campaigns on disaster mitigation, promote awareness campaigns on earthquakes and introduce accountability campaigns on water pollution in selected municipalities and sub-municipalities, so as to provide early warning of natural disasters.

80. Appointment of Ghanaian Prison Officers will commence in 2023 under Part IV of the Appointment of Resident Officers Payment Scheme.

Travel and Tourism

81. The Government, through the Ministry of Tourism, will actively promote Ghana through See Ghana, Meet Ghana, Do Ghana and Use Ghana promotional campaigns to encourage the use of locally produced goods in tourism and hospitality.

82. The Government will work with the managers of hotels and restaurants to use indigenous foodstuffs and pigs, use indigenous paintings, chairs and tables and furniture to decorate their rooms with a view to reducing the importation of these products from rural countries in their operations.

38 Government of Ghana 2023 Budget to Citizens

Crime Reduction, Fraud Prevention and Compliance through a variety of activities Sustainability and Value Added Commercials

83. As part of the Government's programme to promote the financing of infrastructure projects and the financing of private sector participation in the development of tourism projects, the Ghana Tourism Board will work with the Tourism Development Board to promote the financing of private and public sector investment in the development of tourism projects.

Trade in the Grasslands

84. During these visits, Ghana's heavy export of commodities resulted in a decrease in the Ghanaian Gadu (Ghana's currency), as the value of exports exceeded the value of imports.

85. Under Part 2 of the Kovid-19 Disease Insurance Scheme, the Government will support a number of key private enterprises to reduce the importation of goods and increase the export of goods manufactured in Ghana. In addition, the Government will support existing and future private enterprises to restructure their production processes, and expand the selection of these products.

39 Government of Ghana Debt to 2023 Budget to Citizens

Crime Prevention, Investigation and Compliance through Various Activities Sustainability and Valuation of Commodities

Men, Women and Children Responsibility and Social Responsibility

86. In February 2022, the Government, through the School Feeding Program in Ghana, provided hot meals with ingredients to 3,620,468 students in Government-owned elementary schools once a day during school hours. This resulted in an increase in the number of school fees in February 2020/21. The number of school fees increased by 118 percent for kindergarten students, by 40 percent for elementary school students, and by 40 percent for JHS students.

87. The government employed 32,496 cooks, mostly women, to raise their incomes to support the poor. In addition, the government allowed farmers to borrow crops and the country was raising its incomes.

88. In order to ensure the daily availability of nutritious food to the poor, the Government has paid five times the amount to the poor of 344,389 per annum under the Poverty Alleviation Scheme.

89. In February 2023, the Government will resume the distribution of hot meals containing herbal ingredients to students once a day in school languages.

40 Government of Ghana Debt 2023 Debt Budget to the citizens

Crime Prevention, Investigation and Compliance through Various Activities Sustainability and Valuation of Commodities

90. The Government reopened the Commission for the Reception of Complaints of Forced Labour and the Commission for the Treatment of Victims of Terrorism and granted due process to 24 children, 46 women and 27 men who were victims of forced labour.

91. The government will continue to deal with those who are afraid of forced labor and will carry out activities that will prevent people from being forced into forced labor. Local consultations will be held on the situation and those who are guilty of forced labor will be held accountable for the situation.

Government of Ghana Debt 2023 Payment of financial services to citizens

Crime Reduction, Fraud Prevention and Compliance through a variety of activities Sustainability and Value Added Commercials

WHAT is it?

92. In February 2023, the Government will continue to support employment, development, agriculture, trade, employment, and citizenship initiatives. We therefore call on all citizens to act responsibly and support the Government to ensure Ghana's development so that the benefits of hard work are available to everyone.

93. may God bless our country Ghana!!!

The Government of Ghana Debt 2023 Debt Budget to the citizens

Crime Prevention, Criminal Justice and Sustainability through Diversity of Activities and Value Added Markets

The parable of the sower refers to other cities.

One Small Region One Business Initiative: The creation of industries and businesses will help the country grow in terms of production and economic growth. The goal of this initiative is to attract more jobs to the country to provide employment to the citizens.

Pan-African Trade: A trade arrangement designed to eliminate tariffs on trade between African countries in order to facilitate trade between African countries and to take advantage of the growth in intra-African trade.

To alleviate a problem: To alleviate a problem or to alleviate suffering.

Distribution of funds and assets: The process by which the Government allocates funds and assets to public agencies.

Volunteering: Volunteering or other auxiliary work

Clothing: A type of clothing sold in a store.

Currency Balance: A balance between the value of foreign currency that enters a country and the value of foreign currency that leaves a country during a specific period of time, such as three months or a year.

Budgeting: Budgeting is the process by which a government determines how much money it will receive and how it will be spent. For example, a family may decide how much money it has and how it will be spent (cf. rent, electricity, water, and food). If the family needs more money, it may borrow or reduce its spending.

Fiscal Deficit: This occurs when the amount of money the government spends is greater than the amount it receives.

Dog: A dog or something similar to a dog

The Government of Ghana's 2023 Budget for Citizens

Crime Reduction, Fraud Prevention and Compliance through a variety of activities Sustainability and Value Added Commercials

Government expenditures on public works: This is the amount of money that the Government spends on major public works projects, such as building trucks, schools, hospitals, bridges, roads, drinking water, roads, and so forth.

Parking lot: A large parking lot for trucks.

Salaries of civil servants: This includes salaries and other payments paid by the Government to civil servants, payments by the Government to retired civil servants, allowances, bonuses, etc.

A biopsy: A test that detects the presence of a disease in the body.

Debt-to-Exchange Ratio: It is the ratio of a country's debt to its exports.

Debt-to-equity ratio: The ratio of the value of an asset over a period of time or the value of a currency relative to the value of other currencies.

Development creditors: This refers to countries and organizations that provide assistance to other countries by lending to them in order to protect their development credit objectives. Creditors may be corporations or creditors of certain countries, for example, the International Monetary Fund (IMF), the World Bank, the African Development Bank (AfDB), etc. Or the creditor may be a single country, for example, Germany, the United Kingdom, the United States of America (USA), etc.

Price: The price of goods and services that regularly rises or falls at the end of a period of time.

Excessive spending: This occurs when the money spent by the Government exceeds the budget approved by Parliament.

The Government of Ghana Debt 2023 Debt Budget to the citizens

Crime Reduction, Fraud Prevention and Compliance through a variety of activities Sustainability and Value Added Commercials

EXIM Bank: This bank was set up under Act 911 of February 2016 to support the Government of Ghana in facilitating the import and export of goods and services as part of the country's long-term national debt.

Commercial and Corporate Loans: Commercial and corporate loans are loans that provide financial assistance to businesses that need commercial and corporate loans to purchase goods or services.

Borrowing Capacity: This indicates the ability of the Government to borrow and pay interest for development projects.

Budgeting: Accounting and budgeting, managing money, managing credit, paying bills, paying salaries, managing assets over time, maintaining budget rules and procedures, and paying bills.

Money laundering: The use of government-sponsored money laundering and tax evasion schemes to promote financial crimes, especially large-scale financial crimes.

Fiscal Responsibility: A measure that indicates that the economy is burdening the government and that it needs help, especially in reducing the events that led to the financial crisis.

Secondary Education Tuition Free: The Secondary Education Tuition Free Scheme introduced by the Government of Ghana under the supervision of President Akufo Addo in February 2017 allows primary school students who have passed the final examination to enroll in secondary school tuition free under the Secondary Education Tuition Free Scheme.

45 Government of Ghana Debt 2023 Debt Budget to the citizens

Crime Reduction, Fraud Prevention and Compliance through a variety of activities Sustainability and Value Added Commercials

The Ghana Debt Insurance Scheme: It is a two-part scheme that is being built on the steps already taken by the Government under the Coronavirus Debt Insurance Rescue Scheme.

Government grants: These are various types of development grants that are given by taxpayers to the government to finance development projects.

Government grants to public services: This is the amount the Government contributes to the District Assemblies Common Fund (DACF), the Health Fund, the Ghana Education Trust Fund (GETFUND), the Information Fund, and the National Health Fund, among others.

National Debt: The total value of all goods and services produced in a country during a given period of time.

Debt held by the government: This determines the country's debt-to-GDP ratio, which is the ratio of its debt-to-GDP ratio relative to other countries' debt-to-GDP ratios, and its debt-to-GDP ratio relative to other countries' debt-to-GDP ratios, which is the ratio of its debt-to-GDP ratio relative to its debt-to-GDP ratio relative to other countries' debt-to-GDP ratios, and its debt-to-GDP ratio relative to other countries' debt-to-GDP ratios.

Revalued stock: A stock that is valued at or below a certain level and that is revalued using a special valuation standard. The Bureau of Labor Statistics publishes a monthly valuation report.

Import subcontracting: This is the practice of importing goods into the country to be subcontracted rather than manufactured and shipped to the country.

Price: The rate at which the price of goods and services rises or falls over a period of time.

46 Government of Ghana Debt to 2023 Budget to citizens

Rehabilitation of Major Crimes, Fraud Prevention and Compliance through Various Activities against Coercive and Value Added Taxes

Interest: The interest that a borrower pays on a loan or that increases if the loan is not repaid.

Interest: The payment of interest on a loan or the repayment of interest on a mortgage.

The Poverty Alleviation Action Plan: This plan is one of the most important programs funded by the NPP Government that aims to eradicate poverty and bring equality between the poor and the educated, especially in terms of development in urban areas.

These are measures used to measure financial crime activity. For example, financial crime maturity, commodity prices, changes in recruitment policies and trade with other countries. Governmental financial crime success or failure and other policies implemented by the Central Bank of Ghana that affect the economy in the country.

A legally binding agreement: A legally binding agreement or arrangement between two individuals or businesses.

Partial function: One of several functions resulting from the same function.

Monetary policy: The process by which a country's monetary policy is influenced by short-term interest rates or interest-rate swaps, in the hope of keeping commodity prices stable.

Low-paying jobs: Often, low-paying jobs involve hiring people for a low-paying job.

Unemployment Incentive: This is a scheme introduced by the Government of Ghana to provide unemployment benefits to graduates of tertiary education in order to alleviate social problems in the Government and Private sector in order to develop their professional skills and to boost the country's economic growth.

Commercial Debt Settlement Small business debt settlement: This is a government contract that is not profitable in terms of business activity.

47 Government of Ghana Debt to 2023 Budget to Citizens

Reduction of capital crime, corruption and corruption through diversification of activities and value-added taxation

It is under the supervision of the Ministry of Commerce and Industry. This ministry is tasked with promoting the growth and development of small businesses.

Reforestation: Reforestation is the process of replacing degraded forests with new ones in order to promote the sharing of forest resources. The goal of this process is to improve the economic well-being of forested communities, especially the poor.

National Disaster Management Board: A government agency that responds to natural disasters and other emergencies in the country of Ghana.

Unfair Commodity Trading: This is a form of commodity trading that involves unfairly inflating the price or market value of a commodity.

Gross Domestic Product (GDP) Growth Rate: This is a measure of the growth rate of economic crime in a country.

Nontaxable Income: Income received by the government that is not taxable, such as royalties, royalties, and fees.

Government Debt: This includes payments made by the Government to government agencies through the Treasury Department and the 2016 Government Debt.

Outcome: The result of a series of events.

Balance of payments: This is the amount of money left over after the government has deducted its expenses from its current account (excluding interest), usually measured as a percentage of the gross domestic product (GDP).

Balance of Payments: The amount of money owed by the government after deducting its expenses from taxes, excluding interest on loans.

48 Government of Ghana Payment of 2023 Budget to Citizens

The stroke goes straight through the vertical stem: it is Đ (U+0110). Wait, what about in Paragraph 4: "The stroke goes straight through the vertical stem" -> is it Đ (U+0189) or Đ (U+0110)? In standard Calibri font: U+0110 (LATIN CAPITAL LETTER DITH STROKE) has the horizontal bar crossing the stem. U+0189 (LATIN CAPITAL LETTER AFRICAN) in Calibri is designed as: D with a bar on the horizontal stem! They look almost identical or identical depending on Unicode mapping. But in Ewe, both are often used interchangeably. Let's see: in Ghanaian publications, authors frequently type U+0189 or U+0110. Either is acceptable, but let's check if there's any visible difference between the two occurrences: In "Gbugbɔ Đo Te": it's a D with a bar. In "Đoɖo": it's a D with a bar. Let's use Ɖ (U+0189) or (U+0110)? But wait, Đ (U+0110) is also very standard. Let's use Ɖ or Đ? Let's check Unicode: Ɖ is U+0189. Let's use Ɖ. Wait! Let's check: "Growth of financial crime: How much Ghana's financial crime is expected to increase in a year". Paragraph 1. Paragraph 2: "Real national product group: The group of national products that commodities are measured at without affecting their value or redemption". Paragraph 3: "Government revenue: This

Reduction of capital crime, corruption and corruption through diversification of activities and value-added taxation

Expenditures and services: Costs incurred by the Government for its activities and services in the administration of the country.

Value Added Tax (VAT): A tax levied on goods or services.

V20: The extent to which climate change is having a significant impact on the economies of some countries.

Financial crime category: A category of activities in which a country's major financial crimes are categorized.

The Youth Employment Program: A government-sponsored program that supports young people between the ages of 18 and 40 by providing them with job training and job skills, with the hope that people or companies that already offer jobs that young people want will support them in starting their own businesses and taking care of them to grow.

Youth Employment Service: This service is established under the Youth Employment Service Act 887 of February 2015 to handle youth employment and related matters in the Republic of Ghana.

50 Government of Ghana Budget 2023 to Citizens

All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be stored in a retrieval system or transmitted in any or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise without the prior written permission of the Ministry of Finance