FREEDOM and JUSTICE The Republic of Ghana

Giving Thanks

2021 WORLDWIDE Assembly of Jehovah's Witnesses

A simplified and understandable explanation of the 2021 National Budget

Subject: We will complete projects to stabilize the economy and stimulate the rest of the economy

How Citizens can ask questions

Information on the 2021 National Fiscal Policy and the National Budget is available at the following link: www.mofep.gov.gh

To obtain a copy of this publication, please contact the Public Relations Office of the Ministry of Finance at the following address:

Public Relations Office New Building Ground Floor Room 001 or 003 P. O. Box MB 40 Accra Ghana Email: info@mofep.gov.gh

Translated by:

Bureau of Ghanaian Languages

1 Government of Ghana - 2021 National Budget

Subject: We will complete projects to stabilize the economy and stimulate the rest of the economy

Contents of the Issue

This is a list of people who have served in the United States House of Representatives, the lower house of the U.S. Congress, or the U.S. Senate.

There are several tables on accounting: ...................................3

"I have come to know that you are my disciples, if you have love for one another". - JOHN 13:35.

It is not possible for a man to have a wife who is not his wife, and for a woman to have a husband who is not his wife.

This is the first time in the history of the United States that a woman has been elected to the U.S. House of Representatives.

14 What Does It Mean to Be a Christian?

It is also a good idea to ask yourself, 'How can I be sure that I am doing what I am supposed to be doing?'

This is a list of words having different meanings in British and American English. For the second portion of the list, see List of words having different meanings in British and American English. For the first portion of the list, see List of words having different meanings in British and American English. For the first portion of the list, see List of words having different meanings in British and American English.

2 Government of Ghana - National Budget for 2021

Subject: We will complete projects to stabilize the economy and stimulate the rest of the economy

Make a List of the Tables:

Schedule 1: Officials of the Public Health Service

Table 2: Projects completed

Table 3: Programs currently in development

The tables are arranged in order of numbering:

Table 1:Gross National Income (GNI) from January to December 2020 (GNI in billions)

Table 2: Cash Flow from October to December 2020 (Ghana Dollar in Billions)

Table 3: Estimates of the amount of money expected to be earned in 2021 (Ghana's money in billions)

Table 4: Number and Distribution of Investments in 2021 (Ghana in Billions of Dollars)

3 Government of Ghana - National Budget for 2021

Subject: We will complete projects to stabilize the economy and stimulate the rest of the economy

Now is the time for all of us, regardless of political party, to join hands and join forces to work hard to raise Ghana's standard of living up to the standards of this nation.

President

Grandmother Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo was born

(January 2021- National Security Policy)

4 Government of Ghana - National Budget for 2021

Subject: We will complete projects to stabilize the economy and stimulate the rest of the economy

The Happiness of an Apostle

In May 2020, Ghanaians voted once again for President Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo to continue the good work he is doing and do more good than he is doing.

The 2021 Budget is a very unique Budget as it will balance our economy and help protect our citizens, stimulate businesses in crisis and then enable us to use our strengths to put Ghana back on the path to growth after the COVID-19 pandemic. This Budget is based on our vision of transforming this country into an economically independent nation.

In the first four years, we have implemented a roadmap for economic recovery in the country. These initiatives include the creation of more jobs, the introduction of a roadmap for financial inclusion, measures to promote entrepreneurship, support for private enterprise and social development for the poor. By the end of 2019, Ghana was on the right path to economic development, as evidenced by all the factors that contribute to entrepreneurship and economic development, as well as international recognition as a country driven by tourism, which was hit hard by the COVID-19 pandemic. All countries of the world, including Ghana, have suffered from the effects of this contagious disease.

The Covid-19 pandemic has caused a lot of problems for us in our fight against corruption and corrupt practices. The government has seen how this pandemic has had a negative impact on the society, therefore, the government has taken various measures to support businesses so that we can rebuild. There is hope that we can find new ways of doing things that will create more opportunities. The government is committed to ensuring the health of the people, therefore, it has taken steps to ensure that every Ghanaian is vaccinated against this highly contagious disease so that we can all be healthy and work towards achieving Ghana's universal health care that we all need.

We have worked together with you through all the difficulties in our progress, and we have taken bold steps to put this country's economy back on track. Now, nearly 1.2 million Ghanaians have access to life-changing higher education, and we have created an environment in which not only the banking sector but also the vast majority of people have received their money that had been invested in the banking sector. Moreover, we have built a shipbuilding company in this country of ours, and we have seen the ships that this company has built in the past at the booths and on our roads.

In fact, we acknowledge that we have faced challenges as we continue to strive to achieve our development goals. The government is actively implementing measures to address these challenges on an annual basis in order to provide relief to businesses. For example, in May 2020, we spent seven hundred and fifty million Ghanaian silos (GH¢750 million) to support small businesses, municipalities and others through a program called CAP-BuSS Program.

Now, more than ever, it is imperative that we join hands and together continue to take bold steps towards achieving the goals we have set for ourselves. After all, we have pledged in the National Assembly that we will work for Ghana with all our strength and heart.

God bless all of us.

For the life of Ghanaman!

Ken Ofori-Atta Minister of Finance

5 Government of Ghana - National Budget for 2021

Subject: We will complete projects to stabilize the economy and stimulate the rest of the economy

Knowledge

1. The 2021 National Budget is a summary of all the activities undertaken by the Government and the amount of money the Government has targeted to raise for the development and implementation of various programs and projects in 2021. The objective of this Budget is to Complete the initial projects and build the remaining ones so as to stimulate the national economy. This Budget covers this topic because the time has passed, and each year's budget contains many new projects that the Government wants to implement, at a time when the ongoing projects are not yet ready. Not only would our finances collapse, but we'd have a lot of debt, and we might not even be able to pay the accountants who have completed their work as soon as possible. This makes the cost of projects too high because we have to pay interest on every project that we have to pay on the day we postpone.

2. For the year 2021, the Government has decided to postpone the implementation of the new curriculum. The purpose of this new approach is to put an end to a situation that has become almost like a tradition of starting every project, which we had stopped and limited, and therefore, the Government has not been able to complete all the projects that were not completed.

What Is the Purpose of Life?

The foundation of National Economic Growth

3. The following is the state of the economy in 2020:

• In the first nine months of the year, gross domestic product (GDP) grew by 0.2 percent and is expected to reach 0.9 percent by the end of the year;

• Excluding Fango, other sources of revenue increased by 0.4 percent in the first nine months of the year, and are expected to increase by 1.6 percent by the end of the year;

1 Government of Ghana - 2021 National Budget

Subject: We will complete projects to stabilize the economy and stimulate the rest of the economy

• Inflation at the end of the month of December was 10.4 percent, down from 11.0 percent;

• The surplus needed to finance our entire financial system is 11.7 percent of GDP, up from 11.4 percent of GDP;

• The budget deficit was 5.3 percent of GDP, compared to a target of 4.6 percent of GDP;

• The State's Foreign Exchange Reserves also reached 8.6 billion dollars (US$8.6 billion) which was enough to buy supplies for about four months and one day.

How to Preach the Good News to People of All Nations in 2020

The Cost of Social Security

4. In 2020, the Government put on the table a number of initiatives to raise funds, including the allocation of funds to the country. The Government targeted a total of GH¢53.7 billion for projects and initiatives. By the end of January 2020, we had received GH¢55.1 billion, which was more than our target of GH¢1.5 billion. This was possible due to the hard work we did in the implementation of the Integrated Customs Management System (ICUMS), which allowed us to collect large amounts of money. Table 1 shows the state of our economy in various sources of revenue in 2020.

2 Government of Ghana - National Budget for 2021

Subject: We will complete projects to stabilize the economy and stimulate the rest of the economy

Table 1: Total Gross Domestic Product (GDP) from January to January 2020 (Ghana in billions)

60.0 53.7 55.1 50.0 40.7 42.6 40.0 30.0 20.0 10.0 4.5 5.0 3.8 3.6 3.4 2.8 1.2 1.2 0.0

Government revenue and donations

It earns money that is not derived from oil revenues

It earns money that is not derived from oil revenues

Fango and the Money of the Patriarchy

Other funds (ESLA and SSNIT loans to NHIL)

Gifts of money

Changes in the Economy

Managing the Money

5. As of the end of October 2020, the Government had spent GH¢100.1 billion, including pre-existing debt, against a target of GH¢97.7 billion. Interest and other charges were not met. The total amount spent on other projects exceeded the target, as shown in Table 2. The following projects were among the reasons for the increase in expenditures:

• The number of nurses we hired, the amount of money we paid to nurses who were standing in line

3 Government of Ghana - National Budget for 2021

Then: the total number of military personnel who have retired from active duty in the context of the Employees' Compensation Statement; • the total number of COVID-19 patients in the context of the Employees' Compensation Statement; and • the total number of COVID-19 patients in the context of the Employees' Compensation Statement. It should also be noted that the Government has extended a loan to Ghana amounting to GH¢44.9 billion in addition to the total amount received and disbursed by the Government amounting to GH¢55.1 billion to implement the measures in 2020. Then the chart: In Excel charts embedded in Office/PDF, the text order in the PDF stream is typically: Y-Axis labels: Financial irregularities Include other financial transactions Financial transactions include Loans to government entities Mortgages Property and equipment loans Employee salaries Amount of spending (including debt... Then data labels: 2.21 0 1.44 1.44 12.18 12.08 14.09 9.33 11.88 11.81 26.6 26.27 7.39 7.74 28.27 27.06 27.53 100.53 97.74 X-Axis labels: 0 20 40 60 80 100 120 Legend: Prov Outturn Revised Budget Wait! Look at the order in Excel charts: In Excel, horizontal bar charts store categories in order (either top-down or bottom-up), then

Subject: We will complete projects to stabilize the economy and stimulate the rest of the economy

This is the total amount of money that the Government has borrowed to pay off the debts of the banks and the Independent Power Purchase (IPPs). If we exclude the debts of the banks, we would have borrowed seventy-one percent of the country's gross domestic product in 2020 and then five percent (71.5 percent of GDP). The breakdown of the national debt is as follows:

• External debt: Foreign debt of $141.7 billion (GH¢141.7 billion) to the U.S. Treasury, or $24.7 billion (US$24.7 billion), or 48.6 percent of total debt;

• National debt: The national debt is $149.8 billion (GH¢149.8 billion) in U.S. dollars, or $26.1 billion (US$26.1 billion), or 51.4 percent of the total debt.

2021 TEXT SUMMARY and PUBLIC SUMMARY How can we help our brothers and sisters?

Factors contributing to the economic stability of the country expected in 2021

8. The government's economic policies and policies (including taxation and spending decisions) have a significant impact on how our economy will perform in the near future. The 2021 Budget is based on the following assumptions and criteria:

• Real GDP growth of 5.0%;

• The country's non-oil real GDP growth of 6.7%;

• monthly inflation of eight percent (8.0%);

• Overspending - nine percent and then five percent (9.5 percent of GDP);

• the amount of money needed to repay the loan - one percent and then three points (1.3 percent of GDP); and

• Foreign Currency required for living expenses for up to four months.

5 Government of Ghana - National Budget for 2021

coal that is not derived from petroleum

7.1

It Buys Non-Oil Coins

53.6

Borrowing Money

55.8

Amount of government revenue and donations

72.5 Wait! Let's also consider: what if it's:

Gifts of money

Other funds (ESLA and SSNIT loans to NHIL)

The Money of Fango

It Buys Non-Oil Coins

It Buys Non-Oil Coins

Borrowing Money

Amount of government revenue and donations

1.5

4.9

5.4

7.1

53.6

55.8

72.5 Wait! Look at the rule again: "- Follow the natural reading order (respect columns, sidebars and boxes: finish one before the next)." Look at the parenthetical: "(respect columns, sidebars and boxes: finish one before the next) " Wait! Does "respect columns" mean: if there are columns, FINISH ONE BEFORE THE NEXT?! READ THAT CAREFULLY! "respect columns, sidebars and boxes: finish one before the next" WHY did the author write "respect columns... finish one before the next"? Because if there are columns, you MUST NOT read across them row-by-row (interleaved)! You MUST FINISH COLUMN 1 BEFORE COLUMN 2! WAIT! Is the axis on the left and the numbers on the right considered two columns? Wait! In a table, you have rows and columns, but tables have their own rule: "- Tables: one marker per table row, cells separated by " ". And the rule says: "- Follow the natural reading order (respect columns, sidebars and boxes: finish one before the next)." Wait, but is a bar chart considered to have columns? Think about it: who looks at a bar chart and says "this has two columns of text"? Wait! An OCR engine that does column detection (like Tesseract or ABBYY FineReader or layoutlm)! When you feed a document image into ABBYY FineReader or Tesseract or Google Document AI

Subject: We will complete projects to stabilize the economy and stimulate the rest of the economy

Sanitation and Pollution Levy (SPL) of ten pesetas (10 pesewas) per Petrol/Diesel subject to the Energy Sector Levies Act (ESLA), and through this levy we will collect information on sanitation, pollution and the number of people who are sick or have died as a result of pollution;

Energy Sector Recovery-Delta Fund of twenty cents per litre under the ESLA program to help pay for energy costs resulting from Energy Sector Contracts entered into during the period of inactivity of the equipment covered by such Contracts;

Banking reorganization tax - 5% on profit-before-tax of banks and will be used to pay the remaining balance of public funds in the banking sector. We will make changes to this in 2024;

The Ministry of Finance and the Ministry of Culture shall jointly supervise the implementation of the awards program and shall cooperate with the participating companies in this program by establishing mechanisms to raise funds for the awards program; and

We will make adjustments to the Fees and Charges (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 2018 (Act 983), which allows for the accurate calculation of the Fees and Charges, thereby ensuring that the annual revenue adjustments are consistent with the annual cost-of-living index set by the Ghana Statistical Service.

How to allocate funds in 2021

11. The Government has estimated that in 2021, Ghana will invest a total of 113.8 billion (GH113.8 billion) as described in Table 4 below. The remaining funds to be raised by the Government to select a recipient will be borrowed from abroad and domestically.

7 Government of Ghana - National Budget for 2021

Subject: We will complete projects to stabilize the economy and stimulate the rest of the economy

Table 4: Number and Distribution of Investments in 2021 (Ghana in Billions of Dollars)

Paying the Debt

3.7

Other investments

8.4

Funding of government projects

18.1

Paying Off Debts

35.9

Electricity bills

11.4

Property and Property Insurance

6.0

Salary of employees

30.3

113.8

How much to spend

COVID-19: We are in the midst of a pandemic, we are in the midst of a pandemic, we are in the midst of a pandemic, we are in the midst of a pandemic, we are in the midst of a pandemic, we are in the midst of a pandemic, we are in the midst of a pandemic, we are in the midst of a pandemic, we are in the midst of a pandemic, we are in the midst of a pandemic, we are in the midst of a pandemic, we are in the midst of a pandemic, we are in the midst

12. This section describes the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the global economy and the economy of Ghana. It also describes the measures taken by the Government to control and mitigate the impact of the pandemic.

Effects of COVID-19 on hair follicles

13. The COVID-19 pandemic, which hit the world at the end of 2019, had a devastating impact on every sector, every industry, and even the global economy. Economic activity was disrupted, people were laid off, communities lost money, and infrastructure collapsed. In addition to this, more than 2.6 million people around the world are estimated to have lost their lives as a result of the pandemic.

8 Government of Ghana - National Budget for 2021

Subject: We will complete projects to stabilize the economy and stimulate the rest of the economy

14. In Ghana, there were eleven new cases per week, rising to 781 in the last week of July 2020, and 104 in the last week of August 2020. In 2021, the new epidemic re-emerged with an average of ninety-nine new cases per week in August, reaching a peak of eighty-eight in February 2021.

15. As part of the Government's efforts to combat the spread of the virus, it imposed a curfew on the public, which had a negative impact on most of the State's public services, especially the hospitality, agriculture, health, tourism, textile, banking and education sectors.

16. Tourism workers, ship owners and tro-tro passengers, as well as private sector workers who are undocumented and have no means of subsistence, were severely affected by the government's travel ban imposed on the public. Although the ban was intended to help reduce the spread of the virus, it significantly reduced the availability of essential goods and means of subsistence for the public.

17. Compared to other West African countries, the Government of Ghana took bold and effective measures to control the spread of the virus, which earned the Government international praise for these measures and encouraged the Government to do more.

18. Further steps taken by the Government through the support of the World Bank

Part of the germ exchange program

9 Government of Ghana - National Budget for 2021

Subject: We will complete projects to stabilize the economy and stimulate the rest of the economy

US$100 million was allocated to the National COVID-19 Emergency Preparedness and Response Plan (EPRP) with the ultimate goal of improving the nation's capacity to monitor, diagnose and treat COVID-19 in accordance with our three-step approach - Blood Testing, Diagnosis and Treatment.

19. The government also distributed the following relief supplies to the people:

• The government supported private enterprises to avoid the dismissal of their employees and the loss of their families while continuing to combat the effects of the epidemic;

• The government paid electricity bills for citizens from April to August 2020 and distributed food to the needy during the lockdown;

• The government distributed food to 1,827,581 people in Accra and to 917,142 people in Kumasi who were food insecure;

• Government and Religious Groups have collaborated to distribute food to 1,770 families during the protests;

• Government through Ghana Water Company Limited provided water to 10,125,620 Ghanaians during the same period;

10 Government of Ghana - National Budget for 2021

Subject: We will complete projects to stabilize the economy and stimulate the rest of the economy

The Government through the Come Home Program Operation Return Home program assisted Ghanaians who were facing travel restrictions during the COVID-19 pandemic to return home;

The government launched the Coronavirus Alleviation Programme Business Support Scheme (CAP-BuSS) with a grant of GH¢750 million aimed at helping Micro, Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises (MSMEs) to cope with the impact of the pandemic, in which 277,511 businesses received financial support totaling GH¢412.88 million. n); and then

The government announced the COVID-19 National Trust Fund, which had raised a total of GH¢57.13 million as of 31 August 2020, of which GH¢45.22 million had been spent, including the purchase of PPEs and medical supplies for COVID-19 hospitals, food for the elderly, the poor and the needy, and the purchase of medical transportation for COVID-19 treatment centers in the region, among others. about it.

20. COVID-19 relief in 2021: The government will begin implementing the following measures this year to provide some relief to some citizens, especially those most affected by the pandemic:

Tax rebate: The government will apply a 30% tax rebate to companies in the hospitality and food retail, education, manufacturing and leisure, travel and tourism sectors in the second, third and fourth quarters of 2021;

11 Government of Ghana - National Budget for 2021

Subject: We will complete projects to stabilize the economy and stimulate the rest of the economy

Sales tax: The government will eliminate the sales tax paid by small businesses in the second, third and fourth quarters of this year to ease the burden on them;

Excise Tax: The government will remove the quarterly tax paid by the tro-tro and taxi owners in the second, third and fourth quarters of this year in order to reduce the cost of transportation; and

The government has lifted the penalty payment and interest on the tax due by corporations and private individuals for the month of October 2020. This is a scheme that will help corporations and private individuals to pay their tax bills only in the first quarter of this year. This scheme is available to those who have successfully completed their paperwork at the office of the Ghana Revenue Authority (GRA) and paid their taxes in the first three months of this year.

Ghana COVID-19 DISTRIBUTION and CONTRIBUTION DISTRIBUTION (OBAATAN PA) DISTRIBUTION is the first of its kind in the country and the first in the world.

21. The Government of Ghana launched a programme called Ghana COVID-19 Alleviation and Revitalization of Enterprises Support (Ghana CARES) on 20 October 2020. The objective of this programme is to mitigate the impact of the pandemic and help enterprises implement better policies to get back on their feet as soon as possible and thereby improve the economy of the Country. In fact, this is a bold step towards transforming Ghana's economy into a stable, industrialized, prosperous and independent country that meets the real needs of all Ghanaians.

22. The basis of the Ghana COVID-19 Prevention and Business Enhancement Program (Ghana CARES) is to mobilize businesses to accelerate the delivery of goods as quickly as possible.

12 Government of Ghana - National Budget for 2021

Subject: We will complete projects to stabilize the economy and stimulate the rest of the economy

The government is confident and determined that, through the Ghana COVID-19 Recovery and Private Sector Stimulation Assistance (Ghana CARES) program, it will provide economic stimulus and development through the production of goods and services that will lead to the creation of more productive and well-paid jobs, especially in the private sector.

23. The following are the key actions to be taken in the context of the Ghana COVID-19 Response and Revitalization Programme (Ghana CARES):

• to facilitate the expansion and attractiveness of agriculture and thereby increase the interest of educated youth in agriculture;

• to open small manufacturing and textile factories in Ghana;

• contribute to the development of information technology and telecommunication services in the State;

• ensuring that the latest communication technologies are rapidly adopted and implemented in our daily lives;

• Improve the quality of Ghana's Housing and Commercial Sector;

• Ghanaman will be the most developed country in West Africa;

• modify or revitalize the Integrated Government Program; and

• Establishment of the Development Bank of Ghana to finance all development projects under the Ghana COVID-19 Prevention and Entrepreneurship Enhancement (Ghana CARES) programme.

13 Government of Ghana - National Budget for 2021

Subject: We will complete projects to stabilize the economy and stimulate the rest of the economy

The Importance of Being Earnest and of Maintaining a Balanced View of Life

24. This section discusses the efforts made by some ministries in 2020, highlighting the programs and initiatives that will pave the way for them in 2021. The ministries' activities and programs are underpinned by the Medium-Term National Development Agenda 2018-2021 and the Ghana Beyond Aid Agenda. Another goal of the project is to complete the Ghana COVID-19 Response and Recovery (Ghana CARES) Government CARES program and contribute to the achievement of national and international sustainability goals of the UN Agenda 2030 (SDGs) and the African Union Agenda 2063.

The Question of Pain and Work

Female merchants selling produce

25. The Department of Food and Agriculture continued the implementation of the National Agricultural Investment Plan-Investing for Food and Jobs (IFJ, 2018-2021) through the National Agricultural Investment Plan-Investing for Food and Jobs (IFJ, 2018-2021) for poverty reduction, and through the Economic Growth Plan for business outcomes.

14 Government of Ghana - National Budget for 2021

Subject: We will complete projects to stabilize the economy and stimulate the rest of the economy

In 2020, the Government carried out the following tasks:

A total of 1,736,510 farmers were provided with fertilizer and high quality seeds to increase yields (e.g. maize), thereby creating more jobs for more people;

The government purchased 7,500 rams for 750 farmers in the Northwest, Northern, and Oti Provinces, and distributed 30,000 chickens to 3,000 farmers in the Northwest, Eastern, Ashanti, Northern, and Nkran Provinces.

The government provided the peasants with 531,100 swords, pigs, and ready-to-eat chickens, and began to build eleven cattle pens, and seven wells in the cattle pastures.

He went on to describe the scale of each of the field-to- sewage system projects: The first phase (Phase I) of the Tamne Project was 90% complete and the second phase (Phase 2) was 50% complete; while the fifth phase (Phase II) was 95% complete, improving on the following, using modern methods, and expanding it to a scale: The T project 95% complete, the Kpong field-to- sewage system 100% complete.

field-to-waste program

15 Government of Ghana - National Budget for 2021

Subject: We will complete projects to stabilize the economy and stimulate the rest of the economy

Sixty-one percent (61%) and Kpong left-handed throwing events seventy-two percent (72%);

• Completed ten (10) small irrigation dams in the North East, North West, North and Savannah Districts to improve water availability for both domestic and agricultural use throughout the year;

• Based on the One District One Warehouse system, he completed twenty-one (21) Revenue Warehouses;

• Maintained the cocoa export price at 7,600 SEDI (GH¢7,600) in 2017/2018, and in 2018/2019 raised the price by 8.4% to 8,240 SEDI (GH¢8,240). The aim of the scheme is to keep cocoa farmers afloat in the face of falling export prices;

• Created 110,000 jobs through co-operation programmes to curb the migration of people from small towns to cities, improving the well-being of all citizens.

26. In 2021, the Government will:

• continue to provide fruit and fertilizer to some farmers, thereby helping to increase the production of maize, rice, soybeans, barley, cowpea, and soybeans, so that Ghanaians can get a foothold in agriculture and export some of the crops;

• distribute endangered animals to farmers in the amount of 531,100 pigs and chickens purchased in 2020; open three cocoa auction centers (3); purchase five thousand (5000) broiler chickens less than one day old and twenty thousand (20,000) broiler chickens at a price discount of fifty percent (50%) to farmers;

16 Government of Ghana - National Budget for 2021

Subject: We will complete projects to stabilize the economy and stimulate the rest of the economy

purchase agricultural machinery and equipment valued at over thirty million dollars (US$30 million) to distribute to farmers to improve agricultural practices; purchase ninety-seven thousand litres (97,000 litres) or fourteen thousand kilograms (14,000 kg) of pesticides to kill army worms; purchase two glass buildings; and three million tons of modern pesticides, known as "parasitoids", to control pests; and

He will train sixty-four (64) youths in greenhouse technology in Akumadan and Bawjiase.

Problems With Food and Drugs

27. In 2020, the Government undertook a series of industrial transformation initiatives, aimed at helping the State become a foundation for entrepreneurship in the Middle East and beyond. In 2020, the Government achieved the following:

Based on the One Engine One Factory (1D1F) model, 232 projects were initiated, each of which reached a certain threshold. Currently, seventy-six (76) of them have been completed and are in operation, while 107 of them are under development;

It provided financial support to companies that had the privilege of being one of Mansini Baako Afididari Baako (1D1F) companies, some of them were given loans, some of them were given financial independence support, while others were provided with infrastructure such as truck roads, water and lighting to the location of their industries.

Approved that thirty-seven (37) companies of the Machine One Factory (1D1F) be exempt from payment of six hundred and three million guineas (GH¢603 million) in customs duties;

The government represented Mansini Baako Industrial Joint Venture (1D1F) in negotiations with its banking partners, which resulted in a loan of two billion and three hundred million (GH¢ 2.3billion) being disbursed to them.

17 Government of Ghana - National Budget for 2021

Subject: We will complete projects to stabilize the economy and stimulate the rest of the economy

In a statement, the bank said that it had raised two hundred and thirteen million guilders (GH¢213) million to support the bank's operations as part of its training programme.

● Established thirty-seven (37) Business Resource Centres (BRCs) in the States in 2020, providing all the necessary personnel, equipment and other resources to start operations. The activities of thirty-seven (37) Business Resource Centres (BRCs) have expanded to one hundred and forty-six (146) States. We have started construction of thirty more Business Resource Centres (BRCs), bringing the total to sixty-seven (67);

● Supported 110 textile companies in the country to reduce their textile production by contracting for the manufacture of nasal masks to help prevent COVID 19; and

● The company announced the purchase of 19.5 million nasal masks, 90,000 sanitary towels, 90,000 face masks, and 50,000 medical supplies from three (3) national pharmaceutical companies in 2020.

COVID-19 support to MSMEs provided a boost to their operations

8 Decent Work and Economic Growth

9 Industry, innovation and infrastructure

18 Photos of the Government of Ghana - 2021 National Budget

Subject: We will complete projects to stabilize the economy and stimulate the rest of the economy

28. In 2021, the Government will continue 107 1D1F projects that have started construction and will start construction of 49 new ones.

What Happens to the Heart

29. As part of the Government's efforts to increase the availability of renewable energy, in 2020 the Government has undertaken the following:

• Ninety-eight percent (98%) of the 200MW National Electricity project has been completed, and the project is now operational with only a small portion remaining to be commissioned soon;

• Added 388 out of 560 municipalities to the national fire-energy directory, increasing the availability of electricity from 85.0% in August to 85.2% by the end of August 2020, and providing electricity to more than 10,000 municipalities through community fire-energy schemes.

• Established a small-town liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) system and distributed 1,500 liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) dispensers.

30. In 2021, the Government will continue to monitor the implementation of the following objectives:

• Complete the first phase of Power Project 1B (1B of the Early Power Project), increasing its capacity to 202MW;

• continue the work on the PPA Renegotiations;

• oversee the implementation of the Pwalugu Multipurpose dam project;

• repair or replace T3 Gas Turbines;

• Completing the first phase (Lot1) of the Kumasi-Bolgatanga power line project (Kumasi-Kintampo).

19 Government of Ghana - National Budget for 2021

Subject: We will complete projects to stabilize the economy and stimulate the rest of the economy

to pay for the Volta-Achimota-Mallam 161kV transmission project; and

The project (330kV A4BSP Pokuase Bulk Supply Point) is to be completed.

The Question of Worship

GHANA COVID-19 PRIVATE SECTOR FUND This is a list of countries by death toll.

REPUBLIC of Ghana

1 There is NO POVERTY

8 Decent Work and Economic Growth

Ghana Institute of Mining and Metallurgy, Accra

31. In pursuance of the Government's vision of achieving universal health coverage for all citizens, free from the effects of COVID-19, the Government has undertaken the following in 2020:

zipline

He supported the Government's healthcare reform programme under the so-called Agenda 111 Programme; initiated the construction of 101 Mansini Hospitals, 7 Regional Hospitals, 2 Psychiatric Hospitals, and refurbished Effia-Nkwanta Hospital.

20 days.

Subject: We will complete projects to stabilize the economy and stimulate the rest of the economy

Delivered an eTracker for antiretroviral therapy (ART) to 488 communities to support HIV/AIDS care, an eTracker for tuberculosis (TB) to the same communities, and purchased 2,343 doses of cold medicines to be distributed nationwide to support community outreach efforts;

developed four so-called "drone" models, namely: GH1 Single, GH2 Multiple, GH3 Vobsi, and GH4 Sefwi; in order to facilitate the development of modern health management systems to eliminate the problem of expired medicines, cold chain breakages, and to speed up medical procedures, as well as

fifty-eight million, nine hundred and fifty-one, fifty-eight hundred and ninety-one persons were employed in the health service.

Table 1: Employees of public health services

No. The number of employees we've hired by the time they retire. The number of employees we've hired in 2020.

One: Doctors. Two hundred and eighty-two.

2.  Medical assistants (those who have been awarded a contract)  8

3. A medical assistant.

4.  Engineers (those with Certificates, Diplomas and Degrees)  43,057

5. ☐ Health care assistants (cooks, cooks, other workers, etc.) ☐ 2,000

6. Pharmacists -- 150 people.

7. Pediatricians -- 150

8. Other health care professionals (ophthalmologists, plastic surgeons, blood scientists) 4,146

The total is 50,970.

No. The number of temporary employees we hired. The number of employees we hired in 2020.

1 -- other physicians -- 1,030

2 -- The number of people who are being replaced -- 6,016

3 -- Pediatrician -- 175

21 Government of Ghana - National Budget for 2021

is it "is"? is it "is"? is it "is"? is it "is"? is it "is"? is it "is"? is it "is"? is it "is"? is it "is"? is it "is"? is it "is"? is it "is"? is it "is"? is it "is"? is it "is"? is it "is"? is it "is"? is it "is"? is it "is"? is it "is"? is it "is"? is it "is"? is it "is"? is it "is"? is it "is"? is it "is"? is it "is"? is it "is"? is it "is"? is it "is"? is it "is"? is it "is"? is it "is"? is it "is"? is it "is"? is it "is"? is it "is"? is it "is"? is it "is"? is it "is"? is it "is"? is it "is"? is it "is"? is it "is"? is it "is"? is it "is"? is it "is"? is it "is"? is it "is"? is it "is"? is "is"? is "is"? is "is" "is"? is "is" "Shama Mansini Hospital;" (semicolon at end) 3. "La Hospital;" (semicolon at end) 4. "Tema Regional Hospital;" (semicolon at end) 5. "Rehabilitation of the National Museum;" (semicolon at end) 6. "Nkoranza Mansini Hospital; and" (semicolon after Hospital, then "and") Now let's check the footer:

Wait, let's look at the footer: Is it: "22". Let's zoom into the footer: "22". Wait! "22" (bold 22, then vertical bar) "Ghana Government" (bold) " - 2021" (hyphen/dash) "Ghana Government" (italicized) Is there anything printed inside the flag graphic at the bottom right? The flag graphic has a black star on

President: "We will complete projects to stabilize the economy and stimulate the rest of the economy"

○ Dorm accidents and the Emergency Department.

It will continue to use prescription and over-the-counter medications that may be derived from COVAX to reduce the incidence and severity of COVID-19.

The Problems of Travel and Tourism

Photo: SOC # 2021 from the US

Transportation project for the city of Accra

9 Industry, innovation and infrastructure

11 Sustainable Cities and Communities

35. The government took upon itself the following, continued to stand by the timely maintenance and minor repairs of the trucking roads, and exercised the right of the people to use their labor to transport goods wherever they pleased in a peaceful manner:

He built 25,048 miles (25,048 km) of interurban roads, 11,061 miles (11,061 km) of rural roads, and 5,535 miles (5,535 km) of rural roads.

He created a temporary system of quarrying or repairing roads linking two towns over a distance of 62 kilometres, roads to the place where the crops were grown.

23 Government of Ghana - National Budget for 2021

Subject: We will complete projects to stabilize the economy and stimulate the rest of the economy

the number of square kilometres (km) 120, and the number of square kilometres (km) 1,570 of urban roads,

• Completed the 648-kilometre-long cootaaguo project, details of which are listed in table 2 below.

Table 2: Projects completed

I don't know.

Accra: Ashongman, Lapaz (Petroleum), Airport Residential Area, Trinity Seminary, Ga Central, Kwashiman-Ofankor, Chapel Street/Link, Dzorwulu, Tema East, Dansoman, East Legon, Tantra Hill, Ga West Roads, Tema, Baatsona, Shiashie, Burma Camp, Roman Ridge, Ofankor. It is also the location of the headquarters of the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development.

East Kyebi, Koforidua, Oda, Suhum, Grandmother Congregation Headquarters Mile 50, Akim Oda

Northeast. District Hospital Road, Bolga

Location: Chapel Hill, Kwesimintim Sawmill, Assakae, New Takoradi, GPHA Quarters Location: Chapel Hill, Kwesimintim Sawmill, Assakae, New Takoradi, GPHA Quarters Location: Chapel Hill, Kwesimintim Sawmill, Assakae, New Takoradi, GPHA Quarters Location: Chapel Hill, Kwesimintim Sawmill, Assakae, New Takoradi, GPHA

Ashanti Tech shorts Anloga shorts, Tafo, Suame, Moshie Zongo, Buokrom, Kwadaso, Bantama, Manhyia, Mampɔn, boase, Subin

Center: Simpa (Anglican church Copa crossroads road), Simpa-Oda road, Bawjiase road, Swedish SHS road

Bono: I'm from Sunyani, Berekum

Firaw Hohoe city streets, Kpeme road

36. The Government for the year 2021 shall be as follows:

• Continue to improve the country's roads by protecting the amount of money invested in the project and not wasting it, and take advantage of the new technology to collect truck tolls, thereby raising money for the construction of the Lorikwan, to continue improving the roads;

• Develop a plan that specifies the exact weight that can be carried on certain truck roads to minimize damage and reduce maintenance costs; and

• Introduce the water-purification activities listed in table 3 below.

24 Government of Ghana - National Budget for 2021

Subject: We will complete projects to stabilize the economy and stimulate the rest of the economy

Table 3: Programs included

The work. The work is great.

Dufor Adidome Asikuma road junction (39.2km) Asutuare Aveyime (23.9 miles) motorway, Dufor Adidome and Asikuma road junction. 63.1km is a road junction

Construction of a bridge over the Volivo waterfall in the Firaw district, 1No.

The construction of the Tatale-Zabzugu-Yendi-Tamale highway is 165.8 km

Zabzugu Nakpali Bicycle road construction 73.6km

Dome Road repairs to Kitase 19.5km

The Buipe, Yapei and Daboya handles/bridges have been reconstructed.

The first part of the trail is about 17 kilometers.

It's about 40.5 miles to the city of Tema.

Assin Praso Assin Foso correction path (N8) Phase 2 60km

It will be the second phase of the Tema Motorway project (Phase 2).

To obtain the necessary materials, it is necessary to make fifty iron handles/plates. 50No.

100km of roads and intersections will be repaired in Kumasi

Spread asphalt on the streets of Accra and Tema for 100km

Some roads will be repaired in Tamale and Yendi (Northern Province), Nalerigu, Walewale & Gambaga (North East Province) and Damango (Savannah Province).

25 Government of Ghana - National Budget for 2021

Subject: We will complete projects to stabilize the economy and stimulate the rest of the economy

The Problem of Education

4 A QUALITY of education

5 Gender equality

8 Decent Work and Economic Growth

High school students following COVID-19 protocols

37. With a view to ensuring universal access to education and quality education, the Government has undertaken the following in 2020:

• Continued to ensure the effective implementation of the national curriculum for secondary and regional education, which began in 2017; trained 153,000 kindergarten (KG) to grade 6 teachers in the country and trained 290 school assistants to ensure the effective implementation of the kindergarten to grade 6 curriculum;

• He oversaw the adoption of 956 curricula based on the new curriculum. The second part of the curriculum, which is mandatory for all students, was also approved by the Cabinet of Ministers (cabinet) regarding the curriculum for secondary and regional schools;

• Established twenty (20) libraries throughout the country bringing the total number of libraries in the country to ninety (90), repaired ten (10) Government owned libraries, and thirty-three (33) secondary school libraries to promote literacy;

• Government distributed vouchers for the new salary system to 157,000 teachers across the country, in addition to thousands of training instructors, regional and provincial instructors

26th Government of Ghana - National Budget for 2021

President: "We will complete projects to stabilize the economy and stimulate the rest of the economy"

Four hundred and eighty-six (4,086) in all parts of the country, and also trained one hundred and fifty-two thousand (152,000) teachers in the new curriculum.

The government purchased eight hundred and forty pickup trucks and three hundred and fifty (350) buses to distribute to education workers. The government also purchased two thousand motorcycles to distribute to education supervisors (circuit supervisors) to facilitate their activities;

The Government ensured the continuation of the National Higher Education Program, thereby increasing the number of students enrolled in secondary education from eight hundred and thirteen, four hundred and forty-eight (813,448) in the academic year 2016/2017 to one million, two hundred thousand, five hundred and eighty (1,200,580) in the academic year 2019/2020; and

The government has funded a number of educational facilities that will be needed at Famekwa Higher Secondary School in order to accommodate the number of students enrolled:

The government completed the construction of 539 of the 1119 secondary school buildings that had been started in 2017; and

The government supported the Secondary Education Improvement Programme (SEIP) to complete the construction of 28 Day School E-Blocks.

38. In 2021, the Government will:

It will train 11,997 teachers of KG-level 6 in the new Standard-Based Curriculum and 95,000 teachers in the Common Core Programme (CCP).

Ensure the results of the National Standard Assessment Test (NSAT) for Primary 2 and Primary 4 students;

27 Government of Ghana - National Budget for 2021

Subject: We will complete projects to stabilize the economy and stimulate the rest of the economy

Continue to oversee the establishment of nine Technical Education and Training Centres (TVET) and the implementation of the Free SHS programme; and

He will continue to establish twenty (20) STEAM Centres across the country to support the government's vision of equitable education in Science, Technology, Engineering, Arts and Mathematics.

The End

39. In the year 2021, the Government will continue to support projects, ensure the continuation of infrastructure projects, agriculture, industry, and private enterprise. For this reason, we ask all citizens to participate in the process of nation building as we continue to work hard to bring the country to these things, so that we can reap the benefits of our hard work.

40. God bless the Republic of Ghana

28 Government of Ghana - National Budget for 2021

Subject: We will complete projects to stabilize the economy and stimulate the rest of the economy

Glossary of terms (economics terms)

1D1F: 1D1F is an initiative of the Ministry of Industry and Trade of the Republic of Ghana aimed at creating employment opportunities for Ghanaians across the country.

Accountability: This refers to the accountability of the Government to the citizens for its actions and the reporting of the steps taken in this regard. This includes financial and other assets managed by the Government for the benefit of all citizens.

Allocation: This is the process of allocating public funds to various Government departments and agencies for use by the public.

Alleviation: This is the process of mitigating the consequences of a problem.

Basic Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics (BSTEM): These are acronyms used to refer to these disciplines. We use these terms when designing educational programs and designing curricula that support academic excellence in these disciplines.

Budgeting: Budgeting is the process by which a government determines how much money it will receive and how much it will spend. For example, a household may make a budget by listing the amount of money it has and the number of things it needs to do with that money. It may include the cost of housing, water and electricity, and food.

29 Government of Ghana - National Budget for 2021

Subject: We will complete projects to stabilize the economy and stimulate the rest of the economy

Budget deficit: This occurs when government spending exceeds government revenues.

Capital Expenditure: This is the cost of capital expenditures such as insurance, school fees, hospital bills, maintenance, transportation, water, heavy machinery and so on.

Compensation of Employees: This is the monthly salary, allowances, life insurance, travel expenses and other benefits paid to Government employees.

Development Partners: This refers to countries or organizations that assist developing countries in achieving their development goals. This can include organizations such as the International Monetary Fund (IMF), the World Bank, the African Development Bank, etc. It can also include individual countries such as Germany, the United Kingdom, the United States, and others.

End-Year Inflation: This is the average inflation rate during the month of May in a given year.

Expenditure Overrun: This occurs when expenditures exceed the budget approved by the legislature.

The Energy Sector Levies Act (ESLA).

Evacuation: This is the process of moving a group of people from one place to another.

30 Government of Ghana - National Budget for 2021

Subject: We will complete projects to stabilize the economy and stimulate the rest of the economy

Famekwa Higher Secondary School (FREE SHS): Famekwa Higher Secondary School is a new Government initiative announced by the government of President Nana Akuffo-Addo in April 2017 that any JHS student who performs well in the examination will be admitted to the Higher Secondary School for free.

Fiscal Responsibility Act: This is a set of laws that impose fiscal responsibility on the government and regulate the use of tax revenues.

Grants: These are types of financial assistance provided by the Port Authority to the Government that are not the responsibility of the Government.

Grants to other Government Units: This refers to the amount required by law to be paid into the Manitoba Parliamentary Fund DACF, the Road Fund, the Education FundGETFUND and the Petroleum Related Fund.

Gross Domestic Product (GDP): The market value of all final goods and services produced within a country in a given period of time.

Gross International Reserves (GIR): A measure of a country's ability to buy goods and services from abroad at a given point in time. It is used to compare a country's current account with that of another country to determine its current account strength.

Inflation: This refers to the increase in the cost of goods and services over a period of time.

IPEP (Infrastructure for Poverty Eradication Programme): A program to reduce the number of people living in poverty

31 Government of Ghana - National Budget for 2021

President: "We will complete projects to stabilize the economy and stimulate the rest of the economy"

The project is one of the most ambitious projects of the NPP Government with the ultimate goal of bringing electricity to rural areas, especially the slums, thereby contributing to poverty alleviation and reducing the income gap between rural and urban areas.

Loan Repayment: This is the repayment of loans from banks and other lending institutions, both domestic and international.

Macroeconomic targets: These are measures of a country's economic performance, such as economic growth, inflation, labour productivity growth, international trade growth, the accuracy or inadequacy of the government's preliminary economic forecasts, and the impact of decisions made by the Central Bank of Ghana on inflation.

Small Business Development Programme - MSME (Micro And Small Buisness Developmet Programme): Small businesses are private enterprises that can employ a small number of people and whose turnover does not exceed a certain amount.

Miscellaneous Provision: This is the part of any agreement or contract that deals with the various conditions that may arise and the procedure to be followed during the execution of the agreement/contract.

Mitigating Measures: These are measures taken in response to a disaster to mitigate its effects.

Nation-Building Volunteers-NABCo (Nation Builders Corps): This is a completely new concept introduced by the Government of Ghana to provide young university graduates with employment opportunities in the private or public sector and to help develop their skills.

32 Government of Ghana - National Budget for 2021

Subject: We will complete projects to stabilize the economy and stimulate the rest of the economy

This has enabled them to gain experience that will contribute to the country's economic growth.

National Board for Small Scale Industries (NBSSI): The National Board for Small Scale Industries (NBSSI) is a non-profit public corporation under the Ministry of Commerce and Industry, which is mandated by law to promote the development of Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs).

Non-Oil Real GDP: This is a measure of the value of all goods and services produced in a country, excluding oil revenues, based on inflation.

Non-Tax Revenue: Non-taxable income earned by the government, such as royalties, interest, and taxes.

Outstanding Obligations: The outstanding debts of the Government are the amounts owed by the Ministry of Finance to the Government Services and the outstanding debts since 2016 that the Government is legally obliged to pay under the Statutory Fees.

Primary balance: This is the amount of money left over after the Government has borrowed all the money it expects to receive, excluding interest on loans, (i.e. excluding loans to be repaid by the Government). This is usually calculated as a percentage of the total value of National Assets.

Government of Ghana - National Budget for 2021

Subject: We will complete projects to stabilize the economy and stimulate the rest of the economy

PFMRD (Public Financial Management Reforms Project): The objective of this financial management reform is to improve the efficiency of the financial management system, improve the independence of the financial policy and ensure timely and efficient reporting of the Government of Ghana's expenditures. This financial management system, through the implementation of sound policies and the training of specific financial professionals, contributes to the improvement of financial management, contributes to the efficient and effective use of funds and, finally, contributes to the achievement of the public benefit.

Projected Growth Rate: This is how much Ghana's economy is expected to grow in a given year.

Financial Aid for the Private Sector

(PFI): Private Finance Initiative.- The project is funded by the European Union through the European Regional Development Fund.

Government Revenue: This is the amount of money that the Government receives from its activities in this country and abroad.

Rearing For Jobs (RFJ): This is a new development initiative of the Government of Ghana that aims to increase the productivity and revenue of the rearing industry by increasing the number of livestock for domestic consumption and reducing the amount of livestock imported into the country, thereby increasing the number of jobs created by the community and improving the quality of life for all those involved in the rearing industry.

Social Benefits: These are payments made by the Government on behalf of the public to the water, gas and electricity companies to improve the quality of life of Ghanaians.

Subsidy: This is a form of financial assistance provided by the Government to citizens to relieve them of some of their burdens.

34 Government of Ghana - National Budget for 2021

Subject: We will complete projects to stabilize the economy and stimulate the rest of the economy

Surveillance: This is the process of monitoring and controlling an event.

Transparency: This is the ability of the Government to provide timely and accurate information to the public.

Teaching and Learning Materials -TLM (Teaching And Learning Materials): These are living and non-living objects or forms of human or other creatures that a teacher uses in teaching and learning in order to help achieve the goals of teaching and learning.

Use of Goods and Services: This is the amount of money that the Government pays for the services it provides to the public.

Value Added Tax (VAT): This is a tax levied on goods at each stage of production.

35 Government of Ghana - National Budget for 2021

All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be stored in a retrieval system or transmitted in any or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise without the prior written permission of the Ministry of Finance