We didn't say, 'Don't say it' or 'Don't say it'

A 'Day of Rejoicing' Has Come to an End

HE SAID that there was going to be an earthquake, and that Father Ananse was good, and that his children Ntikuma, Nyiwankonfwea, and Afudotwedotwe, and Tikonokono were going to die. Ananse grew up and took food, and we ate vegetables. Then one day Father Ananse went into the forest; he said that there was a brass game. He said, "Ayowa yi efe". Ayowa said, "My voice 'fe. " Ananse said, "Are you better?" He said, "I took Hohorebidi. " Ananse said, "Hohorebi gave me death". And the brass wound up to die, and Ananse died. When he had finished, he said to the brass, "Do you want some?" The brass said, "I want a yoke and a pencil". Ananse took the brass and came home, and made a pot. Then he went to the field and brought food. After cooking, Aso said to Ananse, "Oh! you are poor, I am old, I am rich, you are poor, you are rich and I am rich". Ananse ate, and Ananse went outside and took the pot and gave him the brass. He said, "This is the pot". She said, "I want a yoke and a pencil". Ananse said, "Do you want more?" He said, "I want more". Ananse said, "Please give me more". Ananse said, "No, I don't want more". Ananse said, "No, I don't want more". And he said, This is my voice. And he said, This is my voice. And he said, What is yours? And he said, I will boast. And he said, Boast a little more of my mother. And he boasted exceedingly. And he and his brethren believed. Then Ntikuma asked the brass, "What do you want?" The brass replied, "I want a yoke and a plate". Ntikuma said to Aphodothothothoth, "Give me some time". And he came, and he came, and he touched the yoke, and he touched the plate. And we stood on the ground. And Father Ananse brought food. When he had finished cooking, he freed Ananse. He said, "Why don't you listen to me? I say, because of this little voice, I give food to my son who has nothing, and you need it". The father said, "I want the yoke and the plate". Ananse got married, he jumped on the mat, and he said, "This yoke. This yoke". Dinn said, "This yoke". Dinn said, "This yoke". Father Ananse said, "This yoke! This yoke! This yoke! This yoke!" Dinn said, "This yoke! This yoke!" Ananse said, "This yoke! This yoke!" This garment is not worn, it does not burn, let me take my yoke from my yoke. " He has taken the yoke from his yoke. He has taken his shoes from his shoes. He has gone up to heaven. He said, "Ayowa yi efe. " Dinn! "Ayowa yi efe. " Dinn! In the heat, the worm will die of thirst and thirst. " The ant said, "My war, my heart, Ntikuma. " The ant grabbed the copper, and froze; he threw the worm on it; he went to the forest. " He said, "Here is a little game of wrestling and wrestling. " He said, "Here is a little game of wrestling; let's not play this game of wrestling". The ant said, "My debt". The ant said, "But what about you?" The ant said, "My debt". The ant said, "But what about you?" The ant said, "My debt". The ant said, "But what about you?" The ant said, "My debt". The ant said, "But what about you?" The ant said, "My debt". Father Ananse said, "Pui! pui!" Another monkey grabbed Ananse, "Say, Adwobere". And Ananse said, "Adwobere". And the monkeys left him alone. Ananse took the monkeys and brought them home, and the monkeys ate. When he had finished eating, he said, "Ananse will eat". He said, "You take care of yourself and come and eat, and I will not eat". Ananse went up to the monkeys and sat down by them in silence. He planted seeds, and he planted seeds again. Then Ntikuma planted seeds. He said, "Yes, Father, the monkeys are coming again". Ntikuma said, "Here are the monkeys! Here are the monkeys! Eight of you are lost! And he said, Let me die a little while. And the wolf took hold of him, and killed him. Then the eagle stood up and said, I am willing, I am willing, I am willing. Then the eagle died, and was scattered abroad. Then the eagle died, and was scattered abroad. Then the eagle died, and was scattered abroad. Then the eagle died, and was scattered abroad. Then the eagle died, and was scattered abroad. Then the eagle died, and was scattered abroad. Then the eagle died, and was scattered abroad. Then the eagle died, and was scattered abroad. Then the eagle died, and was scattered abroad. Then the eagle died, and was scattered abroad. Then the eagle died, and was scattered abroad. Then the eagle died, and was scattered abroad. The things that I have heard, whether good or bad, bring them to light.