We didn't say, we didn't say

If a man is rich, he will be rich; if a man is poor, he will be poor.

"Give me a piece of wheat, and I will fight for you in the city". He said, "You will not die". He said, "If I die before you, I will tell you six times, and I will cut off my head". He said, "Go and fight". He went to the city. He said to the coward, "Give me a piece of wheat, and I will leave my son alone". The coward said, "Yes, but will there ever be enough wheat and wheat?" The coward said, "We will fight for you". He said, "Go and fight for yourself". The coward said, "Go and fight for yourself". The coward said, "Go and fight for yourself". The coward said, "Go and fight for yourself". The coward said, "Go and fight for yourself". The coward said, "Go and fight for yourself". The coward said, "Go and fight for yourself". The coward said, "Go and fight for yourself". The coward said, "Go and fight for yourself". The coward said, "Go and fight for yourself". The coward said, "Go and fight for yourself". The coward said, "Go and fight for yourself". Ananse saw, "Odekuro, Nyankonpon's fields and hills are gone". Odekuro said, "We believe me, so don't worry about it, and take the battle. " Ananse fought for a long time, and then he settled in a city. When he reached it, Ananse said, "Nyankonpon sent me, and I'm here, and the battle that killed me, he was a shepherd and shepherd. " Odekuro said, "Tell him about it. " At night, Ananse fought with 'dwanbuem' and killed the warrior. He took a large sheep and a goat from the region of the gods of war and the gods of war. Adeek anopa, fighting for anekuro, said, "Give the battle to me. Ye'anse fought for the battle, and now he is dead. Ananse said, "Yes! "It's time for the lamb to be slaughtered. " Odekuro said, "I don't care about it, so take the lamb. " Ananse took the lamb". He went to a village. He came to the house of the lamb. The lamb said, "Amanee?" Ananse said, "Nyankonpo sent me and this lamb that killed me, one cow didn't eat. Odekuro said, No! let him alone with the lamb. Ananse said, No, Nyankonpo alone with him dwan; one cow eats. Odekuro said, Take him to the battle. Ananse killed the cow. Anandwo, Ananse killed the beast with the blood of the cow. Adeekuro said, "Yes, Anenye, O Anopa said, Odekuro told me about the lamb. He ate me; He drank it; and he died". Ananse saw, Odekuro, Nyankonpon dwan and the ox killed him. Odekuro said, I don't care about it, but the ox that killed him, take him. Ananse took the ox and ran to a town. He took the ox and ran around the countryside. At night, we heard from Ananse that one of his horses had died. And he said unto me, Thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal. Then we heard a voice saying, On the day of battle he brought your sons to us to kill him. We fell upon him, titim! titim! titim! At midday, Ananse was free for a day. He died alone. Ananse saw, Odekuro, Nyankonpon wrath who was with me, and you alone killed him. Odekuro saw, I am not responsible for it, and take the day of battle. Ananse saw, I believe that this medicine of yours, and the city's village are standing in front of this Nyankonpon against you. Odekuro heard, I believe that this medicine of yours, and the city's village are standing in front of this Nyankonpon against you. Odekuro shouted, Stand at the entrance to your Nyankonpon. This friend of Ananse. We went first; the people stood behind. When a fox came to the city, he went into the field, and said to the lion, Come into the city. The lion went into the field, and sat down on the ground. And one of the foxes said to him, Open, open, and I will fight with the crops of wheat. Open, open, and I will fight with the sheep.

I took a lamb, and I took a ram, and I took a man slain, and I took a man slain, and I took the city.

The people stood still and said, "Listen to the song of the peacock". The peacock said again:

Open the doors! open the doors! I will fight with a grain of wheat.

Open, open, open! I alone have saved the sheep, I alone have saved the ox, I alone have saved the carcass, I alone have saved the city from the carcass.

Ananse went to meet Nyankonpon', and Nyankonpon asked Ananse his name. Ananse replied, "It's a fruit that I hope to bring to the city; it depends on the city". Nyankonpon replied, "You like it". "E! e! e!" Nyankonpon replied, "How can I thank you?" Ananse replied, "I don't ask for anything, but 'padeem' I ask for". Nyankonpon replied, "Oh! oh! your servant is poor, and you will die, and your brother will grow up, and you will ask for some". Ananse replied, "Ananse is really poor.

If I am right or wrong, just pick one and leave it there.