We didn't say, we didn't say

Do You Know What Happens in Your Life?

ANANSE was astonished, and Nyankonpon 'ni Nsia was ill. We took 'dunsini to kill him. Obaye took peredwan to kill his illness. And Ananse said to Nyankonpon, This slave took your money for nothing, he didn't kill me, and I'll kill him for you, and if I don't kill him, I'll kill him myself. And Ananse accepted, and he grabbed Nyankonpon, If he kills me, I'll give you a lion. Adek Okusek, and Nyankonpon 'ni Nsia was ill. Ye'see, Ananse said to Nyankonpon, this monster? Ananse came from the gods; he's crazy. The Prophet is a good friend of Ananse. And he said unto Cusi, Hear my voice, and help me. And Cusi said, Shall I not help thee? And he said, I will smite thee, that thou shalt not be able to stand in the shadow of the sun. And Cusi said, It is well with thee. And he laughed. And Cusi said unto Ananse, It is done. And Ananse was free, and came to Ntikuma; and he cut the tree for him, and he took hold of him, and said unto him, Drink of the well, and thou shalt not sit in the shadow; and when he saw the tree sitting in the shadow of the sun, he said unto him,

You killed this ugly duckling!

And thou, O foolish tongue, shalt cease to speak.

Ntikuma once sat under the shade, and Ananse sit'd on his own o'ko Nyankonpon. Okoroye was captured by Nyankonpon's pride; his weapon stood in front of Nyankonpon. And the god said to him, Wo Kwaku Ananse, you caught Nyankonpon's pride, that if you die six times, he won't kill you; so if you die six times, we'll kill you. Ananse said, Let me speak. And the pride of Nyankonpon drank his pride. Ntikuma shouted: "You have killed this Ananse, this ugly beast!

"Stop talking like that", he said, "and stop talking like that!"

And he said to them, "Do not listen, do not listen!"

"You have killed this wild Goose!

"Stop talking like that", he said, "and stop talking like that!"

Then the king of the north took hold of the scorpion, and said, Thy god is the fire of the earth, and the heavens have given birth to thee: thy voice hath made Ananse to kill thee; and the earth hath said, The fire; therefore thy fire is good. And the scorpion gave birth to the fire of hell. Then the scorpion said to the scorpion, Thou art afraid of Ananse.

If I am a good or a bad person, take my advice and leave it alone.