We're not going to say no, we're not going to say no

If we are happy, then our happiness is free.

And the Lord said unto me, Thou shalt not be afraid, neither shalt thou be dismayed; for the Lord thy God is with thee: thou shalt not be dismayed, neither shalt thou be dismayed, neither shalt thou be dismayed. God said, Akuro akantinka be ye se Kokofu, Bekwai, Asumengya aba, ye antimi anto, na wo Kwafwiaban na wo betimi? Ananse said, Edieben na yɛ to ma? God said, We have no children except se, Onini Beast, Osebo, Mmoatia, Mmoboro. Ananse said, I'm going to bring some wooden birds, I'm going to bring old women, Six, and more. God said, Ko take a life. Ananse said, Nkonsem me pe to me, and God told me to bring se, Osebo, Mmoatia, Mmoboro, mmoboro, and see me, and I'll bring you beans for a cup of tea. Ananse said, And his ear asked him, Will you be strong and win? And Aso said to him, Wodie ko twa tonton and cut demere too, and bring. And Ananse came. And Aso said, Give me a drink. And Ananse took him, and said, Esene no, ensene no; help no, esene no. Ananse said, He who has done it has done it. Onini said, Aden? Ananse said, I accept my opinion, that this tonton is taller than you, and I say help. Onini said, Come, be my opinion. Ode said to Onini. He said, "Twe in you". And Onini said, "Twe in you". And Onini said, "Twe in you", and Ananse threw the demere over him, and drowned him! Drowned him! Drowned him! Drowned him! Drowned him!" And Ananse said, "Twe in me, and rescued him". Ananse said, "Twe in me, and rescued him". God said, "I've had enough, I've still got enough". An elephant came back and cried out to his people, "Aka Mmoboro". His wife said, "Please, take a glass of water and drink". An elephant went out into the field and cried out to Mmoboro for more, and he poured out some of the water and sprinkled it on the elephant. When the elephant had finished, he poured out some of the water on the elephant's head, cut a piece of bread, and covered his head. Then he grabbed hold of the elephant and said, "If the rain doesn't come, your son will burn me to death, and if this rain doesn't come, will you kill me and put a piece of bread on my head?" An elephant said, "Yes, thank you, thank you". God said, "I've got it, I've got it". Ananse came back, grabbed his wife and said, "Aka Osebo". Aso said, "Ko tu amana". Ananse said, "Stop and I've seen". Enie Ananse pee ko Osebo kyeneno and he threw a long amana, and he hid it, and he came home. Adeekyeye anopa, Ananse said oko, obekoro, Osebo and oda amana. Ananse said, "Agyawa 'ba! Enawa 'ba! And he said to me, "Do not drink wine, for if you are a true believer, you will be stoned to death; and if I release you, you will not see me; and if you do not come, you will not see me". He said, "Oh, for my sake". So he cut down two pieces of wood, and put a stick here, and put a stick there. He said, "Put your finger here, and put your hand here". So he compared it. Then he said, "Put your finger here, and put your finger here, and put your hand here". He said, "Put your finger here, and put your hand here, and put your hand here". So he said, "Put your finger here, and put your hand here, and put your hand here". He said, "Put your finger here, and put your hand here, and put your hand here". So he said, "Put your sword here, and put your sword there, and put your hand on your head". So he said, "Put your finger here". So Ananse took a stone and put it on his head. Then he said, "Put your sword here". So Ananse took a stone and put it on his head. God said, "I've got it, I've still got it. " The ant came and bit the farmer's son, and he suffered a painful injury to the farmer's son. The ant then bit him, burned some of his hand, and some of his hand was covered with brass. The ant bit the farmer's son, and bit him until he was on the ground, where the worms would play. The worms came to him. He said, "Actually, don't I have any of these?" The ant bit him, and the farmer's son was stoned to death. The worms grabbed one of his brothers and said, "Give me some of this". He said, "Take some of this". The worms grabbed one of his brothers and said, "Give me some of this". The worms grabbed one of his brother and said, "Take some of this". And the worm took hold of his brother, and said, "I hate the darkness, and I will not answer". And the worm took hold of his brother, and said, "I hate the darkness, and I will not answer". And the worm took hold of his brother, and said, "I hate the darkness, and I will not answer". And the worm took hold of his brother, and said, "I hate the darkness, and I will not answer". And the worm took hold of his brother, and said, "I hate the darkness, and I will not answer". And the worm took hold of his brother, and said, "I hate the darkness, and I will not answer". And the worm took hold of his brother, and said, "I hate the darkness, and I will not answer". And the worm took hold of his brother, and said, "I hate the darkness, and I will not answer you". And the worm took hold of his brother, and said, "I hate the darkness, and I will not answer you". And the worm took hold of his brother, and said, "I hate the darkness, and I will not answer you". He said, God, this is the Beast, and this is the old woman whom I have healed. God free Kontire and Akwam, and Adonten, and Gyase, and Oyoko, and Monkey, and Kyidom. And he said before him, King's time has come, we are waiting for the arrival of the Beast, Kwaku Ananse has arrived. We have saved him from the Beast, we have saved him from the Beast, we have saved him from the Rock, we have saved him from the Beast, we have saved him from the Beast, we have saved him from the Beast, he has been saved from the Beast, he has been saved from the Beast, the birds are standing by him. He said, Your majesty's voice. Hear, Ear! Sing, Victory, Kwaku Ananse, from the heavens, I bring you the Beast! Bless you, bless you! We should no longer call these names "gods of this age " or" prophets, " but" prophets, " that is, men sent by God.