We didn't say, we didn't say

SEDIE EYOYE A KWAKU ANANSE OBENYA ASOADEE was born in the village of SEDIE EYOYE in the village of SEDIE EYOYE in the village of SEDIE EYOYE in the village of SEDIE EYOYE in the village of SEDIE EYOYE in the village of SEDIE EYOYE in the village of SEDIE EYOYE in the village of SEDIE EYOYE in the village of SEDIE EYOYE in the village of SEDIE EYOYE in the village of SEDIE EYOYE in the village of SEDIE EYOYE in the village of SEDIE EYOYE in the village of SEDIE EYOYE in the village of SEDIE EYOYE in the village of SEDIE EYOYE in the village of SEDIE EYOE in the village of SEDIE EYOE in the village of SEDIE EYOE

And the king said to the young men, "Ask the young men, and they will tell you what they should do. If you do not do it, you will be put to death". The young men said to the young men, "Ask the young men, and they will tell you what they should do". The young men said to the young men, "Ask the young men, and they will tell you what they should do". The young men said to the young men, "Ask the young men, and they will tell you what they should do". The young men said, "Ask the young men, and they will tell you what they should do". The young men said, "Ask the young men, and they will tell you what they should do". The young men said, "Ask the young men, and they will tell you what they should do". The young men said, "Ask the young men, and they will tell you what they should do". The young men said, "Ask the young men, and they will tell you what they should do". The young men said, "Ask the young men, and they will tell you what they should do". The young men said, "Ask the young men, and they will tell you what they should do". He said, "I'm going to the town of Akwasi Ninkunfuo". 'God said, "Yes, you'll go?" He said, "Give me a sword, will you give it to me?" 'God said, "Deeben?" He said, "Atuduro and stones". And 'God gave it to him. So Ananse took the sword and stones to the villagers. He said, "Nyankonpon let me give you swords and stones, don't kill the fish, and when I come here, I'll take it". He gave the sword and stones to the villagers and gave him a robe. The wood of the forest stood for the fish. One of the trees got a large sword. The tall beast said, "This is it. We gave him a sword and stones to the villagers, and we killed the wood". Father Ananse took the fish and the branch, and built Akwasi Ninkunfuo and kept it 'on the road. He reached Akwasi in the water that we'd drink, and took some of the fish. Ananse took the branch and the branch into the water of Akwasi Ninkunfuo. When Aso saw him, he said, "Akwasi e, come to the house, and eat something". Ananse said, "Nyankonpon sent me, and I've eaten, and I'll eat here". Akwasi Ninkunfuo said, "I heard, my lord". Ananse said to Ananse, "Father, son, some of your fish has been trapped in the water of Akwasi Ninkunfuo". Ananse said, "O, your dog, give Aso some water". And one of the dogs said, "Yes". Ananse said, "Here, put some food on me". Aso put some food on it, and Ananse said, "Here, how much do you want to cook, thank you?" Aso said, "Fufuo". Ananse said, "It was small; take a bowl of cheese". Aso took a bowl of cheese, and Ananse said, "Come and get some meat". The animals were ready for forty meals. He said, "Take 'each one's gum', and if you don't finish your bowl of cheese, I'll bring you some meat for you to eat". Aso finished the meal, poured it on the table, and set it on the fire. Aso put his bowl on the fire, and the men sat at the table. We joined hands. Yes, yes, we did.

And the king said to the woman, "You shall not eat of the fruit of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, for the fruit of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, which is in the midst of the garden, is the fruit of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, which is in the midst of the garden of Eden: for the fruit of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, which is in the midst of the garden of Eden, is the fruit of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, which is in the midst of the garden of Eden. After we had eaten, Akwasi said, Friend, we live here with you, but we don't know your name. Ananse said, My name is Sore-ko-di-Aso. Akwasi said, I heard, Aso, have you heard This man's name? Aso said, Yes, I heard. Akwasi said, I have prepared a table for you.

He said, Sore-ko-di-Aso, here is your dampon, lie down beside it. Ananse said, I am the lover of the soul of Nyankonpon, I have never slept with anyone since I was born to my father, I have never slept with anyone. Akwasi said, Where will you sleep? He said, I will sleep with anyone, but if it is good, you will sleep with God, and it is hard for me to sleep with God, I will not sleep with anyone else, so I will sleep beside this dampon that you are crazy about. The little man sat beside him. He slept with his wife and with Ananse, and Ananse always slept with him. Ananse said to Ananse, Ananse always had a crocodile in his face.

Akuamoa Ananse, the voice we're going to hear something.

God ni, Six ba Ananse, Voice we are going to hear something.

God cardwarenot Ananse, but I see something.

Then he left the sepirach, and went to it, and ate. And when he had eaten, he heard the sound of the trumpet of jealousy, Father Man. Silence! Father Man. Silence! The trumpet of jealousy died; the rest of the medicine, too, was released Father Man. Silence! Then he said, Sore-ko-di-Aso. He said, M! M! M! He said, Hate me. Anwasi fowl ate, and babies ate. So Ananse fowl drank. He said, So, did you hear the sound of your husband? He said, He said, He said? He said, I heard your voice. Thank you. You have helped me. You have helped me. Thank you, Anwasi fowl, Anasi fowl, Anasi fowl, Anasi fowl, Anasi fowl, Anasi fowl, Anasi fowl, Anasi fowl, Anasi fowl. Anasi fowl, Anasi fowl, Anasi fowl, Anasi fowl. Anasi fowl, Anasi fowl, Anasi fowl, Anasi fowl, Anasi fowl, Anasi fowl, Anasi fowl, Anasi fowl, Anasi fowl, Anasi fowl, Anasi fowl. It took two months, and Aso wept exceedingly. Then Akwasi said to him, Aden, thou hast said well, be healed of thy sickness, and I, who dwell with thee, will come. Aso hears, Thou hast forgotten the man that came hither, of whom thou saidst, Sore-ko-di-Aso, and it is better that he take me and kiss my breast. Akwasi Ninkun Garden hears, Sore let me give him thy city alone. We knocked upon Nyankonpon. And the man of God fought against thee. We came to the city of Aso, and there God afflicted him, saying, Thou hast seen a man, thy servant, who slew my servant, and has taken away the house of Aso with his sword. Nyankonpon, My servants stand in the house of the Lord, and there is no one to build it. And the Lord answered and said, Ankire. And he said to them, "If you are not willing to go with me, I will go with you; but if you do not go with me, I will not go with you. If you do not go with me, I will not go with you; but if you do not go with me, I will not go with you".

The things which I have heard, whether good or bad, bring them to me.