We didn't say, we didn't say

What Will Become of the "People"

And he said to him, "Go to the city, and there will be no one there; why have you come here?" And he said to him, "Be not afraid, for I have prepared something for you to eat". And he said to him, "Go to my garden; and if a woman says, 'Go, go,' she will go; and if a woman says, 'Do not go,' she will go; and if a woman says, 'Do not go,' she will go; and if a woman says, 'Do not go,' she will go; and if a woman says, 'Do not go, do not go,' she will go; and if a woman says, 'Do not go, do not go,' she will go; and if a woman says, 'Do not go, do not go,' she will go; and if a woman says, 'Do not go, do not go,' she will go; and if a woman says, 'Do not go, do not go,' she will go; and if a woman says, 'Do not go, do not go,' she will go; and if a woman says, 'Do not go, do not go,' she will go. And the old woman said, "Put the good food on the fire, and put it on the fire". The old woman said, "Put the good food on the fire, and put it on the fire". The old woman said, "It's done, and let me eat it". The old woman said, "Put it on the fire, and say to the young woman who is standing on the tree, 'The old woman has asked you to stand on the fire.'" The young woman said, "If the old woman doesn't like it, we'll stone you".

Nana Aberewa said, "I'm happy, but you're not going to eat the stones". The animals came down to eat the stones. Nana Aberewa said, "My Sekan Mfamfinam cut off the head of these animals for me". And Mfamfinam cut off the head of the animals. Ntikuma changed the shape of the animals, and moved bayere with it, and brought it to his home. Father Ananse saw Ntikuma's face and said, "'Prepare 'kwaba. " He said, "Follow me. " Ntikuma nodded. Then Ananse took one of the bayere's head; he said, "We believe me, my son. " He said, "Odomankoma boo brother, do you know who will eat the bara?" Ananse's wife and the children's daughter smiled after him and Father Ananse believed. Adeekyeye, Ananse said, "M'aye bara. " And he sat down nearby, and kissed his daughter and kissed her. Ntikuma said, "Again. " Ananse said, "I will fight with you. " Ntikuma said, "I will fight with you. " Se Ntikuma fought, and Ananse fought with aperetwa, afitim' also played', and he stones Ntikuma's clothes. Adeekyeye, did not touch, and Ntikuma stood in the way. In front of him, Ananse pushed Ntikuma, he did not see him, he pushed him, he did not see him, and he died. Obayeekoro, Ntikuma and one Nana Aberewa live about this. Nana Aberewa see, Father Man, suffer? Ananse see, Feed me, and give me something to eat. Nana Aberewa see, Where can I get something to drink? Ananse see, You think I'm stupid, my son Ntikuma even came, you gave him some. Nana Aberewa see, About the fields, a woman who says, Turn me, turn me, don't touch him, and believes that she says, Don't turn me, don't touch me, to him, and believes that she says, Don't turn me, don't touch him. Ananse see, A! Fool, and you don't touch me, and you say, don't believe me, I've never heard of a garden? Ananse see. When he had finished eating, the old woman said, Put the good food down, and put its glory in the fire. The fox said, A foolish thing to say to me, O brother, let's put the good food down, and take its glory? The fox took the good food, put it on the fire, and the elephant put it on the stove. The food will burn, and the stove will fall on the stove, and the stove that the elephant put on it, will turn into good food. The fox said, E! the farmer will eat these animals. And the fox changed the stove, and put it on the fire. The food will burn, and the farmer will kneel down and laugh. She said, Grandmother, this is my prayer for my animals.Grandmother said, Get up on the tree, there's a field, you're alone, you say, you're helpful.Donkey said, Boy! I'm not related to this field, and my food is better than yours?Grandmother said, No matter what the name is, I'm not related to it.Donkey cried.She said, Your field that you planted on the trees, Grandmother said help you.Grandmother said, You're not an animal, life will help you.Grandmother said, Get up on the tree, there's a field, you're alone, you say, you're helpful.Donkey said, My child! I'm not related to this field, and my food is better than food.Grandmother said, No matter what the name is, I'm not helpful. Grandmother said, You're not an animal, life will help you". The old woman said, "Adwobere!" but Ananse didn't hear. Then Ananse changed the meat and came home, and the old woman withdrew for a while. But Ananse found the sword stuck in the rock, and ran back to his village. When he reached his village, he said, "Ntikuma, because I have found the sword, let's fight in the forest". And we fought, and we fought, and we killed Nkokotee. Ananse said, "Ntikuma ko didi y'atem. " Ntikuma koreye said, "Nkokotee you are unclean. " Nkokotee said, "Se nye Kwaku Ananse na ne 'ba ne wo, nkra webeba ebewe wo. " Kwaku Ananse said, "Mo mmebo no, onnye kora, ne dwaye nye agoro. " Nkokotee said, "Aberewa Sekan 'Famfinam, cut it'ti me. " Oh! and the Sekan fell on it, and the animals stopped. And he ended up cutting the trees. Kwaku Ananse said, "Ai! Sekye wo' dien ni, cut off the heads of these animals, you're finished, and what's the problem?" And Ntikuma said, "Adoberew Kwaku!" He didn't hear, and Ananse came down, and Ananse fought. We came back to the house. Adeekyeye Kwaku Ananse saw him near Nyankonpon. Ntikuma said, "Father Sekan yi ntira' nnko". Ananse said, "Faiz' ho'ra!" Ntikuma said, "Kor'e". Ananse sat down beside Nyankonpon, one of them grabbed him and said, "Nana, listen to me when everyone is talking to you, but only me, Kwaku Ananse, I'm going to stand up and give you my head. " Nyankonpon said, "We're going to eat and drink, and then we'll drink some cheese and go outside the city, and then we'll eat". Ananse said, "Don't take your hands and run away. " Now we've come. Ananse stood on the road; Ankonkonkonkon asked him, "Do you hear your brother Nyanko b?" Ye'see said, "Yes! Are you listening to this?" Nyankonpon's grace stands behind Ananse. And Kwaku Ananse has grabbed hold of Aberewa Sekan 'Famfinam saying, "Cut 'the grace's head for me". And Sekan has cut it off because hate! hate! it's over. Ananse said, "Aye yie and stop". And Sekan has stopped Nyankonpon's 'the grace' and it's over. Ananse said, "E! Nyankonpon's grace is here and it's over" and it's over. Ananse said, "You're angry with him". O! Nyankonpon's 'the grace' doesn't stand still! Then Sekan came 'wind'; Kwaku e'ba near Ananse's side. He said, "Fwe o! you don't love me? You don't love me? Kwaku Means Ananse and I hate Aberewa Sekan. " He said and Kwaku Ananse hated you! And the serpent was flesh, and the serpent was flesh, and the serpent was flesh, and the serpent was flesh, and the serpent was flesh, and the serpent was flesh, and the serpent was flesh, and the serpent was flesh.

The things which I have heard, whether good or bad, bring them to me.