We didn't say, we didn't say

If you are lonely and your brother is lonely, you are not alone.

A man was born, and had three children; and the sickness came upon him, and the chief of the brethren caught him, and said, Let us not take our money, and let us fight; and the chief of the brethren said, Let us fight; and he said, Let us not fight; and he said, Let us be alone; and the chief of the brethren wept, and were afraid. And the battle was prolonged; and the battle was prolonged, and we were victorious. And the chief of the brethren left the battle; and the battle was prolonged for a little while; and the chief of the brethren was angry, and met a man that thought well of his son. He took hold of the vineyard and said, "Do not be afraid". He said, "Fight, and you will meet a warrior; let him fight, and if he does not fight, let him be afraid; and if he does not fight, let him not fight; and if he does not fight, let him not fight; and if he does not fight, let him not be afraid; and if he does not fight, let him not be afraid". So the servant went to meet the warrior. He said, "I met an old man in the field, and I want you to think about this". The warrior said, "If we do not fight, I will not kill you, and I will give you back your own field". The servant said, "Who?" The servant said, "I am". The warrior replied, "Go". So the warrior took the money and went to the city. When he had finished, the farmer gave him the idea. The soldier said to him, "Come, let's make a golden ring and tie it", and he tore off the edge of his garment. The farmer said, "Let's make a golden ring and tie it", and we fought and met a man with an eagle on his thighs. He met the soldier and said, "Don't be an eagle". We said, "If you meet a warrior, let him strike him, or else he will be punished". He met the warrior. He said, "Your brothers are the farmer's brothers, but if you don't fight, I won't kill you, and I won't leave you alone to rule over you". He said, "Listen to me, sir". So the town's mayor gave him an eagle to fight. Kuroda's knights don't know kora, but we do. Adeekyeye, the warrior's knights know bone. Odekuro said, "Akoda, give me a knight". The warrior said, "He's young and afraid". Odekuro replied, "No. Adeekyeye we'll do it again". At the same time, the old man met a man and killed him. He said, "Don't kill this man". The old man said, "Take a knight and you will meet a warrior; give him a knight. If he doesn't touch, give him a knight, and give him back to you". The soldier went to meet the warrior. He said, "Your servants have heard that you are to die, and if you do not, I will not let you go, and I will not let you go alone. " The soldier said, "Who?" The servant said, "He is afraid". The soldier paid the debt; and he put his servants in a city. He said, "The city lies in ruins, and there are no bridges. " The soldier took his donkey's collar, attacked the king's house, and seized the bridges. The soldier said, "Here is the man whose donkey I have". The soldier said, "I have brought it". The soldier said, "Who is it?" The soldier said, "Who is it?" The soldier said, "Who is it?" The soldier said, "The soldier is afraid". The soldier heard his fear. The soldier threw the money in his hand. It was the same day; we fought a battle, and we fought a battle, and we stole a king's donkey. The donkey said, "Don't steal this donkey". The donkey said, "Don't steal it, you'll meet a soldier one day; don't give it to him. If he says, "Don't steal it", you'll steal it. "The donkey fought a battle, and we fought a battle, and we said, "The donkey said, 'Don't steal this donkey.' " The soldier said, "Yes! I don't believe in my eyes, and I don't believe in myself; I don't care if I'm good. " The gardener said, "Your walls are broken, if you don't, we won't kill you and we'll leave you alone to eat. " The soldier said, "Who?" He said, "He's afraid. " The soldier paid the price and took the donkey and put it in the field. Then he went to a town, and came to the house and ate food. The householder said, "It's all right". The soldier said, "Don't make me laugh". The householder said, "It's all right. Don't make me laugh". The soldier said, "It's all right. Don't make me laugh". The soldier said, "It's all right. Don't make me laugh". 'The king is dead, we have fasted; we have heard his voice; even his donkey is dead, we have not seen him.' Then an old woman came near, and said, 'Give him some.' She gave him food and meat. The donkey finished eating. She said, "'I have seen the donkey of the king, the master of the house; and yesterday my son, a nine-year-old, gave me a kiss, and I wept and trembled. 'He ran, he ate, he ate! and the donkey suffered greatly. So we took the donkey, and we buried it. We fought, we took it, and we buried it well. Then she said, 'Yes, O king, you have done well.' And the donkey went to the king. Then the elder brother heard of the donkey, and his wife, and the rest of the households, and they came to the king. And he answered and said, Go ye, I do not know you, except you. And he sent away his servants, and said to his servants, Be stronger than I; let your younger brother be stronger than I.

If I am a good or a bad person, take my advice and leave it alone.