We didn't say, we didn't say

The Origin of Life and Death

ANANSE heard about it, and Akwasidae fought for God, and God gave him a kiss. Ananse continued to fight. Okoye didn't let you drink water. He gave him clothes. Ananse said we shouldn't take the kiss. Ananse said, "Don't give me anything, just don't give me". Then he poured the water toam' for him and kissed him. He kissed him, and some people kissed him, and Ananse gave him the water. And people made him laugh. He fought, and fought too much and he drank too much. And the man laughed and said, "Don't believe, and don't drink too much". Ananse said, "Give me something". He grabbed him and kissed him and kissed him. And he saw a man who had his garment on his head. And Ananse gave him a knife, and he gave Ananse things, and a container. And he took a knife. And he took a girl who had given birth to a boy, and he took his clothes, and he ate them. And Kwaku Ananse gave the things to the girl so that she could visit her children. And she gave him a knife, and he took a knife. And he took a girl, and he didn't open the door. Father and Ananse gave the child to the boy. And the boy took it, and he took it, and he didn't open the door. And Ananse gave the child to the boy. And the boy took it, and he gave it, and he took it, and he didn't open the door. And he gave it to someone who had taken his shoes, and he ate it. And Ananse took a knife. And Ananse took the knife, and he gave it to Ananse. And he took a drink. And the company of the elephants were drunken, and Ananse said, "Do not eat this hair, and let not the company of the elephants be drunken". And the company of the elephants were drunken, and were cursed. When the company of the elephants were drunken, Ananse said,

Give me something for myself. And we said, We don't know, but when we cross this river, we'll stand alone and dig a hole, and we'll drink some water and catch it. But the elephant didn't want to drink. The animals didn't stand around and drink the water, and the elephant tried to take it, and the little elephant grabbed the elephant's leg, and grabbed it. He thought it was a lizard. But the lizard said, I've been fighting for this lizard for years. My son Numatik loved it. And the lizard chased the lizard; he shouted loudly; he didn't find it. That's why the elephant fought. He said, We thought it would be a good idea to say, We don't want to leave the lizard behind.

The things which I have heard, whether good or bad, bring them to me.