We didn't say, we didn't say

I Will Laugh at the Happiness of the Wicked One"

And he said unto me, Thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal. He said, "Father Grasshopper, do you want some fruit to eat with me?" Grasshopper said, "There's no food and my house is empty". He said, "I'm going to have a fight with you". Grasshopper went with him to the house; he grabbed Grasshopper and said, "There's a man who's going to eat with me at night, so I'm going to sleep with him". Grasshopper said, "Thank you, Father Grasshopper, good Grasshopper, I'm going to eat with you every day". Grasshopper said, "Thank you, Father Grasshopper, good Grasshopper, I'm going to eat with you every day". Grasshopper said, "I'm going to eat with you every day". Grasshopper said, "I'm going to have a fight with you every day". Grasshopper said, "I'm going to have a fight with you every day". Grasshopper said, "I'm going to eat with you every day". Grasshopper said, "I'm going to eat with you every day". Grasshopper said, "I'm going to eat with you every day". Grasshopper said, "I'm going to eat with you every day". Grasshopper said, "I'm going to eat with you every day". The elephant said, "Are you alright?" The elephant said, "I am alright". The elephant came to the house. The elephant took some of the berries and ate them. The elephant ate them. The elephant said, "Yes, Father Berry, you ate some of the berries and ate some of the berries". The elephant said, "Yes, Father Berry, you ate some of the berries and ate some of the berries". The elephant said, "If you have some berries, let's go to my house and eat some of them". The elephant and the elephant kissed. Ananse said, "Sleep here, and tonight my servant will bring food, and when he comes here, he will say, 'Asikoto,' and you will say, 'I'll take my head back.' " He said, "I'll say Aku, and you'll take my head back". He said, "Asikoto". He said, "I'll take my head back". And he said, "Otowe, take my head back". And he said, "Otowe, take my head back", and he killed it! And Esono said, "Asikoto". Adenekyeye said, "Otowe, Ananse took Aso's head back, and he put it on the back of Esono's head and gave it back to him". Esamo said, "Okua, are you okay?" The farmer said, "Pamoesee!" And we ate a few drinks, and Ananse said, "I'll take my head back". He said, "I'll take my head back". And then he came home. He said, "Ayuo, Wansane, Otromoa, Asomoa, and Kokora". And the king said to him, Thou shalt not eat of the fruit of the land, nor of the vine, nor of the fig-tree, nor of the olive-tree, nor of the pomegranate, nor of the olive-tree, nor of the olive-tree, nor of the olive-tree, nor of the vine, nor of the olive-tree, nor of the olive-tree, nor of the vine-tree, nor of the vine-tree, nor of the vine-tree, nor of the vine-tree, nor of the vine-tree, nor of the vine-tree, nor of the vine-tree, nor of the vine-tree, nor of the vine-tree, nor of the vine-tree, nor of the vine-tree, nor of the vine-tree, nor of the vine-tree, nor of the vine-tree, nor of the vine-tree, nor of the vine-tree, nor of the vine-tree, nor of the vine-tree, nor of the vine-tree, nor of the vine-tree, nor of the vine-tree, nor of the vine-tree, nor of the vine-tree, nor of the vine-tree, nor of the vine-tree. Ananse see, Kantinka, are you all right? Esono see, O! I am all right. Ananse see, Osempa. Ananse one more time. He's calmly standing around Esono. He says, Asikoto. Esono see, I've got my head. Ananse one more time, he's standing there, he's sitting on the stones, pan! pan! Ananse one more time. Then he's upset, and the garden says, Ananse, Eson's grandfather told me not to tell you, please, that your friend Esono is dead, you didn't know; so I brought his paper together with him to pray. Ananse see, No, we didn't save him. Yes, we heard, he will die, and the garden will be destroyed. The family of Esono suffered. He said, Take him alone now. The anger came to Ananse, Take him alone now. Ananse said, Don't worry about me. Ananse went to the forest and cut down a tree, and grew it into a human tree. He took it and put it in his hand, and said to Aso, Take it first to the pig that we heard alone, and stand on it, and say, 'My son, do not be afraid of me.' Aso raised it up. Ananse went to one of the stones and set it down. Ananse came to Seventh, and had ears, claws, hands, and hands, and claws on his neck. Ananse said, Don't worry about me. Ananse said, Don't worry about me. Ananse said, Don't worry about me! Ananse said, Don't worry about me! Ananse said, Don't worry about me! He said to them, "You have heard that someone has touched me. Now you have heard that someone has touched me. Now you have heard that someone has touched me. Now you have heard that someone has touched me. Now you have heard that someone has touched you. Now you have heard that someone has touched you. Now you have heard that someone has touched you. Now you have heard that someone has touched you. Now you have heard that someone has touched you. Now you have heard that someone has touched you. Now you have heard that someone has touched you. Now you have heard that someone has touched you. Now you have heard that someone has touched you. Now you have heard that someone has touched you. Now you have heard that someone has touched you. Now you have heard that someone has touched you. Now you have heard that someone has touched you. Now you have heard that someone has touched you. Now you have heard that someone has touched you. Now you have heard that someone has touched you. Now you have heard that someone has touched you. Now you have heard that someone has touched you. For this cause he hath afflicted me, that I should not depart from him. And the fox said, Let us go into the field, and let us see if there be any man there, and let us go. And the fox said, My father's anger is kindled against me. So the fox fled; it was a fox. And we left the dead fox, and the fox took it, and ate it. And the fox said, The fox is called Serem, and the first fox is dead.

Whether my judgment is right or wrong, accept it and judge me accordingly.