Yes say, no say

If you are a human being, you are a human being.

And it came to pass, that when they were come into the city, they saw the king, and his servants, and all the people that were with him, that they were astonished, and said unto him, What is this that thou hast done to us? And the king said unto his servants, What is this that thou hast done to us, that we have done to thee? And the king said unto his servants, What is this that thou hast done to us, that we have done to thee? And the king said unto his servants, What is this that ye have done to us, that we have done to you? And the king said unto his servants, What is this that ye have done to us, that we have done to you? And the king said unto his servants, What is this that ye have done to us, that we have done to you? And the king said unto his servants, What is this that ye have done to us, that we have done to you? And the king said unto his servants, What is this that ye have done to us, that we have done to you? And the king said unto his servants, What is this that ye have done to us, that we have done to you? And the wolf sat down under the tree. And the animals did not stand there. Then Kwaku Ananse took his clothes, and put them on him, and kissed him, and kissed Kyriakyinninnyee. He said, "Father, I miss you. " Kyriakyinnyee saw, and kissed him, and kissed him. He said, "I've come to kiss you". And the wolf took the tree, and kissed him. Then, and kissed him, and kissed him. Then, and kissed him, and kissed him. Then, and kissed him, and kissed him. Then, and kissed him, and kissed him. Then, and kissed him, and kissed him. Then, and kissed him, and kissed him, and kissed him. Then, and kissed him, and kissed him, and kissed him, and kissed him, and kissed him, and kissed him, and kissed him, and kissed him, and kissed him, and kissed him, and kissed him, and kissed him, and kissed him, and kissed him, and kissed him, and kissed him, and kissed him, and kissed him, and kissed him, and kissed him, and kissed him, and kissed him, and kissed him, and kissed him, and kissed him, and kissed him, and kissed him, and kissed him, and kissed him, and kissed him, and kissed him, and kissed him, and kissed him, and kissed him, and kissed him, and kissed him, and kissed him, Ananse see, Father Kyiriakyinnyee wabe abere. Kyiriakyinnyee see, Sa na buwabawe, na rete emiharatu; abedee no, na me nu, na me bo no be, good water three rivers; na me ko akase Akase bind to Akase berewa; Akase berewa abeba nana, na me bo ena, na me bo ena. She gave birth to me, and she stands by me. Ananse see, Your help, indeed I, some of your officials set up in the fields, so that so that I, with a length of seventy-seven kilometers, do not go over the hills, after my blessing day, I put my life in my hands. Ansiri see, Einninnyee see! I heard; tomorrow I shall die. Ananse heard, Osempa. Ananse alone, and fell like an ox, and poured out his water on the road. Dinnekei and Kyriakinninneke went on to besiege the city of Ananse. And Ananse, the first, began to chase after his sons, saying, A man will come here, he will be here for a long time, and if he comes, and asks me, do not tell me that he will not leave me alone that I will fight to my death with bread, and I will fight with my heart, I will not finish, and he will not finish fighting. Soon after, Kyriakinnekei came. He said, Where is your fight? Yes, Yes. Father, yesterday there was a big bird, and its tail broke seven loaves, and it ate a lot, and it didn't finish, and it said after the fight, and Father, didn't you see blood 'on the way?' The little one said, "I saw it". The little one said, "Where are you?" He said, "So the bird drank water, and brought his jar from the stones; the god, kame, didn't finish kame, and it said after the fight. " Then the fox said, "You don't have food for Kyiri yet. " The fox ate the food, and we shared four loaves of bread with each other, and a little bit of bread; thank you very much. After the fight, the fox stood in front of the little one. Then said the woman, It is well; she is drunken. She said, The worm draweth water for me to drink. The worm standeth by the water, and giveth not water. Then said the woman, Where is the worm's water? Then said the woman, There are three vessels in the worm's water; the father draweth water first; this draweth water in the midst of the lake; and this draweth water at the bottom; therefore have I put my hand upon the worm's water, that my hand may be strong, and that my hand may be strong. Then said the woman, It is well. This time, please help me. " At the same time, Ananse said, "Your worms do not grow". And Kyriakyinninnyee said, "Why didn't we grow my worms?" Ananse said, "You said you hated 'kyinnyee' and took 'kyinnyee', so I said we wouldn't let you grow your worms. " But we beat Kyiriakyinnyee to death. So Ananse cut off his flesh and ate it. He said, "I don't eat much fruit".

If I am a good or a bad person, take my advice and leave it alone.