We didn't say, we didn't say

SEDEE OKRA, DA YE'BE HUNO and he sleeps on the couch, and 'Kraman on the couch

And he said unto me, Thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, He said, "Give it to me". The owner said, "You don't have to". The servant said, "I don't have to". The owner said, "I don't have to". He said, "Well, I don't have to. I don't have to". He took the dog, and brought him home. The servant said, "Aden, don't you have to?" He said, "I've put the money in the dog". The servant said, "Ho!" The servant said, "Here, give me the money". The servant said, "Are you sure you'll take the money again, and I'll give you the money?" The servant said, "I don't have to". The servant said, "I don't have to". The servant said, "Yes, I have to". The servant said, "No, I don't have to". The servant said, "No, I don't have to". The servant said, "No, I don't have to". The servant said, "No, I don't have to". He said, "'Man, take this affection and give it to me. "' He said, "'My turn's not my turn, and my feet are not my feet, so I gave it to him. "' He said, "'I'm laughing at you. "' He said, "'You don't give it to me. "' The soldier said, "'Where are you going to take it?' " He said, "'Tears and fear. "' He said, "'That's why, save it. "' The soldier took the 'soul, and took it to the 'house. When he got to the 'house, he said, "'That's why I didn't kneel down here!' " He said, "'Yes! we've had enough. "' The soldier greeted him. And it came to pass after forty days, that he caught him, and said unto him, Give me my money, that I may bind it to myself. And he said, Give me my money, that I may bind it to myself. And he said, Give me my money, that I may bind it to myself. And he said, Give me my money, that I may bind it to myself. And he said, Give me my money, that I may bind it to myself. And he said, Give me my money, that I may bind it to myself. And he said, Give me my money, that I may bind it to myself. And he said, Give me my money, that I may bind it to myself. And he said, Give me my money, that I may bind it to myself. And he said, Give me my money, that I may bind it to myself. And he said, Give me my money, that I may bind it to myself. And he said, Give me my money, that I may bind it to myself. And he said, Give me my money, that I may bind it to myself. And he said, Give me my money, that I may bind it to myself. And he said unto me, Why hast thou brought it? And he said, Because thou hast brought it. And the young man came to him, and the fox said unto him, Come. And he took it, and the fox took it, and said, I am the king of my city, and I said, I will make a journey, and a servant shall take me, and thou shalt lie with me, and thou shalt beat me, and I will laugh with thee, and if thou take me to my city, I will come to thee. And the young man said, I will help thee, and thou shalt lie with me. And the young man said, I will help thee, and thou shalt lie with me. And when the fox said, Thy father is sick, take me to thee. And the young man took it, and cast it into the fire, and fled a little way, and came to the city of the fox. And he said unto the young man, The sun is risen, and the fox heareth it, and saith unto the king, Behold, it is good. Then the king of Akwamu said, "The king of the earth has made a great deal of money. He has made a great deal of money. " He said, "Yes, we have made a great deal of money, and we have made a great deal of money. We have made a great deal of money, and we have made a great deal of money. We have made a great deal of money, and we have made a great deal of money. We have made a great deal of money, and we have made a great deal of money. We have made a great deal of money, and we have made a great deal of money. We have made a great deal of money, and we have made a great deal of money. We have made a great deal of money, and we have made a great deal of money. We have made a great deal of money, and we have made a great deal of money. We have made a great deal of money, and we have made a great deal of money. We have made a great deal of money, and we have made a great deal of money. We have made a great deal of money, and we have made a great deal of money. We have made a great deal of money, and we have made a great deal of money". And he said, Take this money, and it shall be well with you. And he said, I hear. And he took the money, and went to his city, and took the money, and took the money. And you said, He is a robber, he is a robber. And he took the money, and came, and did not rob him. And he said, He took this money, and went to his city, and built a city for him. And he said, I am rich. And he said, Let the people come and dwell in our houses. And the people came, and he gave them food, and they ate, and he reigned. And he spoke to him kindly, for he was a good friend to Ananse. One day you were sick, and Kwaku Ananse came suddenly to this city of the warriors. He said, "Yes, my son, my son, you are sick, and you have become rich, and you have killed me, and it is good that you have said this? " So the suffering of the warrior was prolonged. Ananse said, "O! And he said to him, I will send thee to thy friend, that thou alone mayest give him a cup of this wine, and all that he shall say to thee, thou shalt hear; and thou shalt give him the cup, and it shall be time for thee to receive it. And he said to him, I will give thee the cup, and thou shalt kiss me three days, and then thou shalt go. And he said to him, I will give thee the cup, and thou shalt kiss me three days, and then thou shalt go. And he said to him, I will give thee the cup, and the cup, and the cup, and the cup, and the cup, and the cup, and the cup, and the cup, and the cup, and the cup, and the cup, and the cup, and the cup, and the cup, and the cup, and the cup, and the cup, and the cup, and the cup, and the cup, and the cup, and the cup, and the cup, and the cup, and the cup, and the cup, and the cup, and the cup, and the cup, and the cup, and the cup, and the cup, and the cup, and the cup, and the cup, and the cup, and the cup, and the cup, and the cup, and the cup, and the cup, and the cup, and the cup, and the cup, and the cup, and the cup, and the cup, and the cup, and the cup, and the cup, and the cup, and the cup, and the cup, and the cup, and the cup, and the cup, And he said unto the man, Take thy money, and see. And he heard that Ananse had built a city greater than his own. And he inquired of the gods. And the gods said unto him, The son of Ananse, thy brother's son, whom thou hast found, hath made war against us; and Ananse hath made war against us, that Okra and Okraman may send us. Therefore, take medicine against us, and put it in the way, that the beasts may fight, and that if we take any, we may not be alone any more. Then the man came to the house of Okra and Kr, and took hold of Okra and Kr, and said unto them, The thing that I have done for you is healed; for I am lost, and Ananse hath taken it, and there is a tree in the midst of me. And some said, "He has put medicine on a donkey's head for the journey, so that when you get tired of it, you should not take it, and you should not walk". Then the farmer said, "The soul has heard, and you will weep". The spirit said, "So'ho, and you who say, 'You smell with your nose.' " Then the farmer had a quarrel, and the master said, "It is well that you are alone. " The two animals went on their way.

It would be better for us to give him a little medicine, so that the dog would hear the sound of his voice. He said, "My soul is good, and I am not alone". The soul said, "Let's fight and this life is important". He said, "My soul, I am not alone". The soul said, "I am not alone".

And Okra came to the city of Ananse, and broke down Ananse's tent, and his tent. He fell upon it, and said to Akura e'sane. He lifted up his head, and stood upright. He said, "I will not, I will not". She said, "My lord said, 'I will not,' and he said, 'I will not burn the chest of Ananse, which is in the midst.' Akura said, 'I will not.' Okra said, 'I will not let you go, and will you not come, and will you not flee?' Akura said, 'Put your sword on my neck.' Okra took hold of his sword. Akura came to my lord, and it became a bone in the midst of my bones. Okra was jealous of Okra. Okra kept shaking his hand, and he ran, and beat the dog and killed him. He said, "Are you still here, and I hate you?" The dog said, "Oh, my dear, if you were on the right side of the road, where would you be?" Okra said, "Yes". The dog said, "We're on the right side of the road, and when you cross the river, you'll catch fish, and catch a trap, and give it to me, and I'll catch you with my eyes". Okra said, "Yes, it's fun".

And he said unto them, Wherefore are ye afraid of me? for I am not yet come, that ye should be afraid of me, but that I should be afraid of you, and that ye should be afraid of me, and that I should be afraid of you, and that ye should be afraid of me, and that I should be afraid of you, and that ye should be afraid of me, and that I should be afraid of you, and that ye should be afraid of me, and that I should be afraid of you, and that ye should be afraid of me, and that I should be afraid of you, and that I should be afraid of you, and that I should be afraid of you, and that I should be afraid of you, and that I should be afraid of you, and that I should be afraid of you, and that I should be afraid of you, and that I should be afraid of you, and that I should be afraid of you, and that I should be afraid of you, and that I should be afraid of you, and that I should be afraid of you, and that I should be afraid of you, and that I should be afraid of you, and that I should be afraid of you.

Okra came to you. Okra said, "Tell me where you are". He said, "I've been drinking water". Okra ran to get some water; he said, "I'll think about it for a while and then I'll pass". Okra grabbed him. Okra said, "Aden?" He said, "I've been trapping you, so if you don't listen, give me my ring now. If you don't give it to me, I'll kill you now". Okra said, "Let's fight on the coast, and I'll give you your ring alone". One of them reached the coast, Adwen grabbed him and threw him into the trap. Okra grabbed Kr Kr. Kr. and said, "Father, give me a smile, you're the only one left. Okra's mouth closed. Ye'be reached home, Okra boo's master suffered, "O dog, we're alone, enam the oko weye wantimi anko. Ebio, my war took the loan' de 'ba, Okraman said catch me, ona kotha some water that he didn't like because I didn't pay him. I gave it to him and he drank from the river. After a while my hand healed. " The good people said, "You love Okra. Yes! " And the king said, "You 'Kra dee, every meal I eat, esese me to some ayowam to you. Every little thing that I say to you one day more. Your Kraman 'keep the peace and reach the night, sleep. You too are hungry and thirsty. You will be satisfied. " No, he said, 'I will see you soon and take a little blessing and eat well. Then thou shalt put bread upon the ground for him when he is hungry; and when he is thirsty, we will find him, and he shall be full, and weary; then thou shalt feed him, and we shall feed him. He saith, Come, and we will send him with us.

Whether my judgment is right or wrong, accept it and judge me accordingly.