We didn't say, we didn't say

If You Have a Sick Child, Give It Up

And the earth said, Why hast thou forsaken me? And the earth said, Wherefore hast thou forsaken me? And the earth said, Wherefore hast thou forsaken me? And the earth said, Wherefore hast thou forsaken me? And the earth said, Wherefore hast thou forsaken me? And the earth said, Wherefore hast thou forsaken me? And the earth said, Wherefore hast thou forsaken me? And the earth said, Wherefore hast thou forsaken me? And the earth said, Wherefore hast thou forsaken me? And the earth said, Wherefore hast thou forsaken me? And the earth said, Wherefore hast thou forsaken me? And the earth said, Wherefore hast thou forsaken me? And the earth said, Wherefore hast thou forsaken me? And the earth said, Wherefore hast thou forsaken me? And the earth said, Wherefore hast thou forsaken me? And the earth said, Wherefore hast thou forsaken me? And the earth said, Wherefore hast thou forsaken me? And the earth said, Wherefore hast thou forsaken me? He said, "I have judged you, and you do not understand; cease. " He said, "I have judged you, and you do not understand. " He said, "I have judged you, and you do not understand". He said, "I have judged you, and you do not understand". He said, "I have judged you, and you do not understand". He said, "I have judged you, and you do not understand". He said, "I have judged you, and you do not understand". He said, "I have judged you, and you do not understand". He said, "I have judged you, and you do not understand". He said, "I have judged you, and you do not understand". He said, "I have judged you, and you do not understand". He said, "I have judged you, and you do not understand". He said, "I have judged you, and you do not understand". He said, "I have judged you, and you do not understand". 'A dog passed by' and dressed 'A dog came and took 'fire'. 'One of the dogs, got two wounds and put it on the edge of Okagya valley. Okagya took the wound and killed Onyina. Onyina was very angry. He said that a soldier was walking on it, and he took his stick and killed him. The soldier's brother came. It was very good to 'grab Onyina and hide him in front of Onyin. He asked him, "Is everything all right?" The older son replied, "Yes, Father, I know it's all right. One day I was stoned to death by a she-goat. The next day I was stoned to death by a goat, and I said to my father, "You are my son". God said, "Crucify him, but do not kill him". The younger son said, "Grandfather, you know that I am a she-goat. A foreigner is going to tie me to a tree, and I am going to kill him, but do not kill him. God said, "Do not kill him, but do not kill him". The younger son said, "No, Father, I am not a she-goat. I am a she-goat". Okraman said, "Nana, I eat my babies, you killed me, and Nana Aberewa de 'fire carried me; and Okagya, Nana Aberewa de 'fire carried me; that's why I kissed her at the entrance of her valley". God said, "Do not hang her alone, and you alone will not free Nana Aberewa". Nana Aberewa has come. She said, "Yes! I, my grandparents, do not eat my babies, because I eat only meat, but I eat only water; so I love Bosompra; I hate Tamiri; Okraman's mother knew, and she caught Tamiriwa ode and gave her mouth to drink water, but she hates me. So I raised her up to 'fire' O God! " And he said unto them, Wherefore are ye afraid of me? and wherefore do ye fear me? and wherefore do ye fear me? and wherefore do ye fear me? and wherefore do ye fear me? and wherefore do ye fear me? and wherefore do ye fear me? and wherefore do ye fear me? and wherefore do ye fear me? and wherefore do ye fear me? and wherefore do ye fear me? and wherefore do ye fear me? and wherefore do ye fear me? and wherefore do ye fear me? and wherefore do ye fear me? and wherefore do ye fear me? and wherefore do ye fear me? and wherefore do ye fear me? and wherefore do ye fear me? and wherefore do ye fear me? and wherefore do ye fear me? and wherefore do ye fear me? and wherefore do ye fear me? and wherefore do ye fear me? The elephant said, "These three days I have been alive, and I have forgotten that he is my king; and when I died, sin, the old fool, who had taken me to eat meat and drink wine, said to me, I will take up my feet and fight against Tamiri". God said, "Do not crucify him, but take the old man alone". The old man came and said, "Grandmother, this is for you, for the old man has become strong, and for me, for the old man, for my part, has become weak. And the Lord said, Put him on the tree, and you alone shall raise him up. Then the Lord said to the tree, "My grandmother said to me, 'I have made a covenant with Sumina, that the beast will have a good time, and if it does not have a good time, then I will take my revenge'; and she took my revenge, saying, 'My lord, I have made a covenant with you, and that is why I will have a good time, and I will continue to judge.' Then the Lord said, 'Put him on the tree, and you alone shall raise him up.' Sumina said, 'My grandmother, the house of the Lord is good, and it has been built for me. I did not take anything from him yesterday, he said, 'Sumina, keep it for yourself'; I said, 'Yes', and Abe took it for yourself and I judged him. " God said, "Do not imprison him, and you alone will release Abena. " Abena came; he said, "Grandma, 'Prae pra 'house and tell him not to give it to me, and that if the wind blows, the owner will come again; I did not take anything from him yesterday, he said, 'You took it for yourself.' Therefore I was jealous, and I fought against Sumina. " God said, "Do not hang him on a tree", and you alone freed 'Prae mmera". 'Prae came; she said, "Grandmother, the Earth is trembling; that's why I was sick, and my leg was aching, and it was very cold; then the Earth said to me, 'Be quiet, and I will be angry, and I will fight against Abena's judgement.' God said, "Do not hang him on a tree', and you alone will not let the Earth disappear". Then the Earth said, "Grandmother, I am fine; I am fine; I am fine; nothing is wrong with me; nothing is wrong with me, I am not fine. Now my mouth is closed to you, my crown and my camel, and I am sick, oh! God said, "Don't crucify him, but take Kuntukurunku and Kuntunamoa alone". Kuntukurunku and Kuntunamoa came. He said, "Granny, we'll play on the mat, and we'll fall off the ground and we'll die, because we'll be judged by the earth and its trembling". God said, "Lord, these walls don't stand alone, so don't let us go up against the walls, and we'll answer". Then he stood up against the wall. God said, "You're my house, and I'm your house, and you're my strength. You're my God, and we'll go up against the wall".

If I am a good or a bad person, take my advice and leave it alone.