We didn't say, we didn't say

What Happens to Those Who Obey God's Commands?

Ananse said, "Aso, thank you". Aso put his hand on his head, crying. Come out! Come out! Ananse let him go. Adeekyeye, Ananse smiled at Odwan, Okra, Okraman, Akoko and Aberekyie and said, "Dee m'ahuno ni, so I'm laughing at you, let's fight my funeral". The village agreed. Ananse and his 'neighbors gathered together in the forest. Ananse reached his mother-in-law's town; the gun had been fired. He sat down at the funeral home with the toy gun. He drank a glass of wine for the funeral. He finished, drank a glass of wine for the funeral. He had six pennies, a toy gun, two clothes, a bomb, a bicycle, a sheep and a hand. Dee Ananse hid his mother-in-law. Onwuno calmly, we drove Ananse to the river to mourn and celebrate. The next day, people stopped to eat, and we caught Ananse not to eat. He said, "I, Kwaku, my mother-in-law; I've never eaten. I've never eaten, and you should not give anything to my friends who have not come to fight with me". And something happened to one of the men at that time. We didn't have enough to carry; Ananse was exhausted. Ananse was sick, it took him four days, and if he did not get well, he did not eat. Ananse was sick, he did not eat, and the tree which he had planted was on fire. Ananse was sick, he was sick, and he planted a basket, and he planted a tree, and he planted it again. Then he ate. He said, "Well, I remember now, Fatherland's feast, because it is the remedy for our sickness, I eat now". Aso said, "Oh, but this would have been very good and you would not have arrested me; so you came to celebrate, you did not celebrate the day; and I smiled at you yesterday alone". Ananse said, "You should have been free and you would have told him". Aso said, "We did not know about this yesterday, so we left Ananse alone". And when he saw him, he said unto him, Drink, my son:

"Now my father's house is in ruins.

O my soul, thou shalt not tremble.

O heavenly one, O God, we are not afraid, we are not afraid.

It's all right".

And the tree trembled beneath his head. The ant said, "I've never listened, I'm fighting". The ant went on its way, and the tree trembled behind it. It said, "Don't go back.

We have heard from the house of the Father, we have trembled; from heaven, we have trembled.

O heavenly one, O God, we are not afraid, we are not afraid.

It's all right".

Then Ananse heard, and was astonished, and understood. But if he would save himself, he would not eat. Then he struck the head of the goose and the branches of the tree. The head of the goose and the branches of the tree were broken. Ananse ran to the side of the road, crying. He said, "Save me, and if tomorrow I recover, I will thank you". And the goose said, "I hear". 'Kwan gave him a remedy. He said, "You will find Ananse's head and avoid him; for he has begun to mourn for his mother-in-law".

Whether my judgment is right or wrong, accept it and judge me accordingly.