Yes say, no say

SEDIE EYE who was born in HYIA

And it came to pass after this, that the king of the Philistines, who dwelt in the land of the Amorites, said to the king of the Amorites, Behold, I have made a covenant with you, that I will give you the land of the Amorites for an inheritance, and that I will give it to you for an inheritance, and that you may dwell in it. And the king of the Amorites, who dwelt in the land of the Amorites, said to the king of the Amorites, Behold, I have made a covenant with you, that I will give you the land of the Amorites for an inheritance, and that you may dwell in it for an inheritance. And the king of the Amorites said to the king of the Amorites, Behold, I will give you the land of the Amorites for an inheritance, and I will give you the land of the Amorites for an inheritance, and I will give you the land of the Amorites for an inheritance. When the oak tree grew, it came to a tree, and it grew wild. So the oak tree thought to itself, When I go to war, we'll buy this oak tree for money, but I don't have any, so I'll use this tree to build my house and die. Each time something said to it, Odomankoma bomo. And the oak tree said, Papa. And another said, Aden, if you're so busy, and you don't have a house, I'll give you a house. Another said, I don't have a house. Someone said, "Sir, if you don't have a house, you'll take the oak tree and divide it into two". So the oak tree went to war. And one said, "Cut two donkeys, and open your eyes, and run for one of them, and take one more than the other". And he said to him, "I have done it". And another said, "Combine the city's keys". And he bowed, and the key became the city between the two donkeys. And the darkness was in the middle. Then the other revealed himself to be Okodee. And he took hold of the vineyard, saying, "No matter what happens to the cherry tree, it will not be under the darkness". And the other said, "Ho, I hear". Okodee went and took hold of him, and he got the wives, the elders, and the princesses. And the king said to his servants, "Behold, I have come to you, and I have found favor in the sight of the LORD, and I have heard your words, and I have seen your deeds, and I have heard your words, and I have seen your deeds, and I have heard your words; and I have seen your deeds, and I have seen your deeds; and I have heard your words, and I have seen your deeds; and I have seen your deeds, and I have known your deeds; and I have seen your deeds, and I have known your deeds; and I have seen your deeds, and I have known your deeds; and I have seen your deeds, and I have known your deeds; and I have seen your deeds, and I have known your deeds; and I have known your deeds, and I have known your deeds, and I have known your deeds, and I have known your deeds, and I have known your deeds, and I have known your deeds; and I have known your deeds, and I have known your deeds; and I have known your deeds, and I have known your deeds, and I have known your deeds, and I have known your deeds, and I have known your deeds".

And he took him, and brought him out of the king's house, and brought him to the king's palace; and he sat by him, and said unto him, Let there be a day when there shall be a day of feasting.

And the king, and all his nobles, sat under the tree; and the youngest came and stood before his father, and saw the gold, and came to the tree, and said, My father, my son. And his father rebuked him, and sent him away with wrath.

And the other sons that were drunken came and stood before him again. The first saw Kode's son and said, "Father, I don't want to. " He cut his throat and kissed his cheek and fell down and cried. His mother said to him, "Why are you crying?" He said, "Father, I don't want to". Her mother said, "Yes.

And he said unto them, Yea, ye shall die in your sins, and ye shall die in your iniquities, and ye shall die in your sins, and ye shall die in your iniquities, and ye shall die in your iniquities, and ye shall die in your iniquities, and ye shall die in your iniquities, and ye shall die in your iniquities, and ye shall die in your iniquities

And Boniaye-kae-dabi said, "This is what I would have said to you, and what you would have said to me". He said so, and the two of us fought together. And the crown said, "Because of the trees that grow on this tree, our father's wives are fighting; we will win". Each of us took a brick, pimpen! pimpen! At that time the brick grew up, and he left his children to the Old Woman and the Old Dog. When the trees fell, the tree fell to the ground.

Then Cetera's tramp said, "Pimpeao!" and the tree stood up. And we did it again. His master said to the Ancient Roman, "If only you would fight Okodee and kill his children, then I would die". And each time the villagers fought, they took a knife to the tree and killed him. Then the Ancient Roman jumped to attack Okodee. He stood up and cried:

"Oh, your children!

Why, your children!"

And he fell on his face, and there was no breath in him; therefore he went on to say:

"Sankur' e, 'noma' e, sankur' e, anoma' Kodee", he said.

Sankur' e, 'noma e, sankur' e, ko eats and comes".

Okodee stood up. He stood up and said, "Amnesty?" And the Ancient Romans said, "We have struck down the tree and killed your children, and the Old Woman has killed her". Everywhere Okodee walked, he fell, and on a tree he built the city's walls, and he opened his eyes and we broke the tree. He did not die. Then the tree opened and fell down. Then Okodee got up and took his children. Then he put them on the tree on which he had built. Then he fell down and thought to himself, "Yes! That's how people live?" And it was good for him. Then he cried out:

"Believe, and you will be saved".

And he drew out the two pillars of his tabernacle, and said,

"The wolf does not stand on its side; the bird does not stand on its side; but we stand on the side of the tormentor, and he takes hold of us, saying, 'Let us fight the fire, so that we may not give thanks to Gyekye, and so that all who know the song may sing.' Then the monkey began to cry:

"I'm going to throw up!

I'm going to die!"

The foolish cry, and say,

"I don't like cities!

I don't know!

I'm not wearing Ko-Sante's clothes".

And the noise of the trumpet shall be loud:

"Oh my God!

O you who have 'lifted up 'lifted up!

He said 'so 'so 'so O!"

He said to them, "It is written:

"Good for you!

Good for you!

He has learned sand and coffee from his mouth, a child has grown up with a bad habit, and Kwaku Amoaten.

Good for you!

Good for you!

For he is a man of sorrows, and acquainted with grief: he is full of pity, and mourneth for those who mourn.

The father's anger is kindled, and the mother's wrath is kindled, and the mother's wrath is kindled, and the mother's wrath is kindled.

And he lifted up his voice and said,

"Gambling! not gambling!

A little child treadeth the paths of a tree, he taketh me to his knees to eat bread.

And the partridge says:

"Oh, my God!

Why, yes!"

He cries out and says:

"Aquaferi-Saka-Kokowa!" was the reply.

His wife replied:

"He is innocent".

Onwam said:

"Let's eat and fight".

And Zacchaeus said to him with a loud voice, It is well. And his wife lifted up her hand, and said,

"Oh, my God!

It doesn't matter!"

And the Asuras cried out:

"Shut up, shut up!"

The lambs cry out:

"He will strike Asamoa, Atetekwa harvest 'be, the morning dew on which we used to write!"

'This is what the flock of sheep says:

"My head is wet, wet, wet!"

The thunderbolt cries out:

For he hath delivered me from death, and hath delivered me from the sword.

For thou hast made me to die, thou hast made me to lie down, thou hast made me to lie down, thou hast made me to lie down, thou hast made me to lie down, thou hast made me to lie down, thou hast made me to lie down, thou hast made me to lie down, thou hast made me to lie down, thou hast made me to lie down, thou hast made me to lie down, thou hast made me to

Thou sayest of the morrow, It is good; and of the morning, It is bad.

"I told you, I told you, I told you!"

And when the Son of Man himself had come, he said,

"How many birds are there, and how many birds are there!

Thank you!

How many sparrows are there, and how many birds?"

And the men of the city rose up and fled, and the city was overthrown, and all the people, and the flocks, and the little ones, and the wives, and all that was in the hills, and the man, and his wife, and his son's son, were left in the wilderness.

Whether my judgment is right or wrong, accept it and judge me accordingly.