We didn't say, we didn't say

If a man hearken to the voice of his neighbour, he will cry aloud.

KWAKU ANANSE came and grabbed hold of Okraman and said, "Me pe se me and you to tie a knot". Okraman said, "Me too, me too too". Ananse said, "Every day from Sunday to Sunday, Monday to Monday, I take a bath, I take a bath, and we are alone. Then I take a bottle of water, and if you are good, you can have a bath, but if you want we will have a bottle and no water. " Ananse took some of that water; Okraman threw it in the well. On his way, we reached the well and drank. Ananse said, "Let's drink some water". Okraman said, "Believe me, drink". Ananse touched his mouth and said, "Yes! "Where do we get it?" said the owl. "I'm happy". said the swallow. "Yes". We sat down and rested. "Let the dog play with us". said the owl. "Where is the sky?" said the swallow.

"Tie-tie; and tie me first, and I'll tie you first, and you'll hear me say, 'You're dead!' and you'll stop". The crow said, "No, you'll tie me first". The ant said, "Take it up, it's up, it's up, it's up, it's up, it's up, it's up, it's up, it's up, it's up, it's up, it's up, it's up, it's up, it's up, it's up, it's up, it's up, it's up, it's up, it's up, it's up, it's up, it's up, it's up, it's up, it's up, it's up, it's up, it's up, it's up, it's up, it's up, it's up, it's up, it's up, it's down, it's up, it's up, it's up, it's up, it's up, it's up, it's up, it's up, it's up, it's up, it's up, it's up, it's up, it's up, it's up, it's up, it's up, it's up, it's up, it's up, it's up, it is

"Dear Farmer, I have never found a good animal that didn't tempt me.

And Okraman 'Kwaseu this o' fight against me.

Who is my helper and my deliverer?

He saved me!"

Ananse cried and cried. Okraman took her to a river. Her mother and Odenkyem heard Ananse's cry. She scolded her, and asked Okraman's problem. Okraman threw Ananse a bridge, and fled, and Odenkyem answered Ananse. Ananse said, "Father, why should I not thank you?" Ananse said, "We've done nothing". Ananse said, "If you have children, tomorrow I'll come to the fire and we'll eat very well". Ananse said, "I heard". Ananse came home; she said, "A lion will be a lion, and tomorrow he will kill Odenkyem, so that we can eat". Ananse came to the house. Ananse had a fight with his mother's knife, and ate a cup of coffee and drank water. He said, "Father, Odenkyem Asubo, help me, I'll give you a drink". So he took the bottle and poured it into the water. When the bottle came, he said, "Take the bottle out". Ananse took the bottle and poured it into the water. The bottle burned, and the bottle burned, and the bottle burned, and the bottle burned. Ananse came back to the house. Aso asked him, "Where is the bottle?" Ananse said, "Bring it up. A man has come from a long journey to take his breath and ask him about it". Aso said, "I've found it, but you haven't found it". Ananse died. Adeekyeye didn't say anything, Aso said he was going to fight in the water. Obono, Odenkyem fell on his chest, and the bottle burned, and the bottle burned. Aso came back to the house. He said, "I'll give you a drink". Ananse said, "If you've seen the medicine I've got, I'll kill the fish, but tomorrow I'll take it, and I'll tell you who's going to see it". Ananse picked up the seeds and threw them into the river. The seeds fell on Odenkyem. The seed said to him, "Odenkyem, did you die? Did you die?" and he turned into him. And Odenkyem remained silent, but he did not die. Ananse said, 'Drink your hand,' Odenkyem said, 'Anansem', and he cried! Ananse, petere! petere! and he got 'peace.' He said, 'Odenkyem, drink the fish' and ran away, fearing that Odenkyem would catch him again.

If I am a good or a bad person, take my advice and leave it alone.