We didn't say, we didn't say

If you are not a believer, you do not have "this present life and the life to come"

There were three men, and we said we'd do business. We took a Serem, and put together a bunch of peas and chickpeas. We gave some to his nephew, and some to him. And we took a castle. 'Hema came to the city, and we gave it to everyone, and she said she wouldn't marry. And when the storm was over, Ohema's son made a feast. 'Hema put on two clothes to hide her son. And when her son came, she killed three men. She took her elder sister and said, "I've killed my brother, and I'm going to die tomorrow". After we had eaten, we took the feast, we ate, we drank, and we filled it with food, and we gave it to the men the next day. He said, "If you are not afraid, I will come and arrest you. " We said, "Yes. " The servant said, "The boy said that he was as white as snow, and that he had no food. Ohema's son married the man's cousin. When he got married, Hema's son asked him, "Which one is better?" He said, "I'm Kwaku Susufuo". Then he said, "I'm Akua Susufuo". He married him well. Adeekfuo was surrounded by Akua Susufuo. He joined Susufuo and his wife's hometown. And one day we went to heaven, and he ate two cakes, and the priest said, Let us not give him a tooth, and let us say to him, 'Thank you.' He looked back, and saw that there was a soldier there; and he paid a donkey for the soldier, and let him take one for him. And his wife took the donkey, and said, "My husband wants to go to his hometown", and when the bird caught him, he said, 'Boo.' And 'Hema said, "One, you and him alone. Ampa'ra one is right. And we called Kwaku Susufuofan you drink. And afterwards we took hold of him, and said, Thirst, give us air, and let us go out into the field, into the dark, that we may get worms, and serve thy wife. And we took hold of him, and the elders commanded him to be put to death. And he said unto me, Thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not steal. And he said, Let's fight, let's fight. And he said, Let's fight, let's fight. And he said, Let's fight, let's fight. And he said, Let's fight, let's fight. And he said, Let's fight, let's fight.

The things which I have heard, whether good or bad, bring them to me.