Yes say, no say

If you're a man, you're a man, and if you're a woman, you're a woman.

And it came to pass, that the king of the Philistines, who dwelt in the land of the Philistines, came to the king of the Philistines, and said unto him, Thou shalt not kill any of the Philistines, neither shalt thou eat any of their flesh, neither shalt thou drink any of their blood; but thou shalt kill all the Philistines, and all the Philistines, and all the Philistines, and all the Philistines, and all the Philistines, and all the Philistines, and all the Philistines. And the king of the Philistines, who dwelt in the land of the Philistines, came to the king of the Philistines, and said unto him, Thou shalt not kill any of the Philistines, neither shalt thou kill any of the Philistines. And the king of the Philistines, who dwelt in the land of the Philistines, came to the king of the Philistines, and said unto him, Thou shalt not kill any of the Philistines. And the king of the Philistines, who dwelt in the land of the Philistines, came to the king of the Philistines, and said unto the king of the Philistines, And he said unto her, If thou wilt, I will give thee some meat. And when she was sick, she saw that the leper was still in her belly, and she gave him a young child. And she said unto him, What hast thou to think? And the leper said, Hear me, and come to me, that thou mayest see, that thou mayest come, and not eat. And she prepared a meal for him. And he took the child, and gave him to eat, and said unto him, I have eaten of the meat that I love, and I believe that I shall die. And he said, See, I have eaten of the beast. And the leper came, and sat down in the field, and the leper took the child, and brought him to the house. And he took the child, and brought him bread, and water, and gave him to drink. And he said, I will give thee Beast, and he said, I will give thee Man, and he said, I will give thee Beast, and he said, I will give thee Man, and he said, I will give thee Beast, and he said, I will give thee Man, and he said, I will give thee Beast, and he said, I will give thee Man, and he said, I will give thee Beast, and he said, I will give thee Man, and he said, I will give thee Beast, and he said, I will give thee Man, and he said, I will give thee Beast, and he said, I will give thee Man, and he said, I will give thee Beast, and he said, I will give thee Man, and he said, I will give thee Beast, and he said, I will give thee Beast, and he said, I will give thee Man, and he said, I will give thee Beast, and he said, I will give thee Beast, and he said, I will give thee Man, and he said, I will give thee Beast. and cut off his head with a sword. He said, "Go", and the Beast came and took hold of him, saying, "Take hold of my head". He said, "Tomorrow it will not be light". When evening came, one said, "Let us bury him". He said, "Let us bury him". The Beast came and took hold of him, and bury him, and the Beast came and took hold of him. The Man said, "I have found him and come". The Beast ran and took hold of the Beast and cut off his head. The Beast said, "Now believe me, and I will fight for you, and we will bury him". The Beast said, "We will bury him, and we will come and bury him". Beast 'ba Kofi said and grabbed 'Nipa 'ba Kofi, "I think you're going to fight in your village". 'Man 'ba Kofi said, "Yes, but I don't know about that". Beast 'ba Kofi said, "I'm going to fight in your village". He stood up, and some people shouted loudly, and said, "Surely this village belongs to him, and no one has ever heard of him". At the same time, Beast 'ba Kofi ran and grabbed 'Nipa 'ba Kofi, saying, "We hate your village, but we don't know you, so we're going to dress you up, because we don't know who you are". Beast 'ba Kofi said, "I'm going to fight in your village". Beast 'ba Kofi said, "Yes, but I don't know who you are". Beast 'ba Kofi said, "I'm going to fight in your village". Beast 'ba Kofi said, "Yes, but I don't know who you are". Beast 'ba Kofi said, "I'm going to fight in your village". Then Nephi said to Nephi, "Take your sword and your spear". Nephi asked Nephi, "Will you marry me?" Nephi grabbed Nephi's spear and said, "I'm standing here in front of you, and I'm chasing you". Nephi said to Nephi, "Take your spear and your spear". Nephi asked Nephi, "Will you marry me?" Nephi said, "I'm going to marry you". Nephi said, "I'm going to marry you". Nephi said, "Yes, I'm going to marry you". Nephi said, "No, I'm going to marry you". Nephi said, "No, I'm going to marry you". Nephi said, "No, I'm going to marry you". Nephi said, "No, I'm going to marry you". Nephi said, "No, I'm going to marry you". Nephi said, "No, I'm going to marry you". Nephi said, "I'm going to marry you". And when we were come to the place, the beast of the forest said unto the beast of the forest, This is thy city, and thou art alone, and every day I will lie with thee, and I will multiply thee; and it came to pass in the evening, that I came to thee, that thou shouldest lie with thy wife, and thou shouldest multiply her. And the beast of the forest said unto the beast of the forest, This is thy city, and thou art alone, and every day I will lie with thee, and I will multiply thee; and it came to pass in the evening, that I came to thee, that thou shouldest lie with thy wife, and thou shouldest multiply her. And the beast of the forest said unto the beast of the forest, This is thy city, and every day I will lie with thee, and I will multiply thee; and the beast of the forest said unto the beast of the forest, This is my house, and I will dwell with thee, and I will dwell with thee. And it came to pass in the morning, that he ate meat together, and gave it to his wife. And his wife saw that he had not eaten meat in the field, and he had not eaten meat. And it came to pass in the night, that he slept with her, that she said unto him, Touch my thigh, and touch the thigh of another, and thou shalt eat it. And it came to pass in the morning, that he cried unto his wife, saying, Smite me with thy thigh, and with Osebo, and let us eat meat together. And Osebo took a knife, and put it on his thigh, and kissed him. Beast 'ba Kofi said, "'Nipa 'ba Kofi, people don't marry. "'Nipa 'ba Kofi lived, he ran to pick him up, he ran to pick him up, and he fought, and he fought and he suffered, so that the fight that he had fought and the fight, and the suffering that he had seen, could not endure. He said, "So if this beast is dead, I will fight with him, and he died because I love him". And he took two boxes; and we put Beast 'ba Kofi to sleep; and one on top of the other, and we put him in a box alone. And we buried him. And we said, "You have hired such and such a worker". He said, "Take this branch of my people".

If I am a good or a bad person, take my advice and leave it alone.