We didn't say, we didn't say

What is the meaning of the word 'padeem'?

ANANSE O! had married Nyankonpon 'ni Nsia's son, and he said to God, "When you die, you will mourn for me". And three days later we told him that Nyankonpon 'ni Nsia had died. Ananse's family name was Berekuo, Kwakuo, and Lamb. And Ananse said to us, "We have come to mourn for me, so we will not fight against me". And Ananse told him to mourn for Nyankonpon. When Nyankonpon stood on the top of the table, he heard that a king was sitting there. Ananse said, "In the evening I will come". Ananse shouted, 'Berekuo, Kwakuo, and Lamb are dead', and he kissed her, and put his clothes on her. And he took hold of the beasts, and said, Drink, I pray you, when I come to the threshing-floor. And he came to the threshing-floor, and behold, it was lifted up.

"Shut up, shut up! shut up! shut up!

It is death, death, death!"

And Kwakuo said to him:

"Kill him!"

And the Lamb said:

"It was me!"

Kwaku Ananse suye. People stand up and say, "Waye adie; 'people are three types of people.'" He finishes, Nyankonpon ko pee 'home kama maa ko tenaam'. Adeekyeye Nyankonpon cooks food kama and gives it to Ananse. Kwaku Ananse sees the food, says, "Me'mma 'Berekuo, me'mma Kwakuo, me'mma Odwan, and I'm the one who eats abuada m'akyere". And Ananse diye, does not give his family the farm. And one day we heard about it, and Nyankonpon said, "Ye'be eats no eggs. " And Odwan said, "O e'komkuo, me'nnko". Kwakuo and 'Berekuo sa'ra'ra. And Nyankonpon ko'anse'a sat down, and the owner said with a smile, that on the day of the feast, Ananse will come and sit with one of the farmers. "I am sick", said the fox, "and I am sick", said the fox, "and I am ashamed". The fox, the hare, and the lamb said, "We have given you the harvest, so we will divide it with you". The hare, the fox, and the lamb went into the field, and the lamb stayed at home, and the fox went to the lake, and the lamb was not ashamed.

If I am a good or a bad person, take my advice and leave it alone.