July 2026

The Watchtower Announces the Kingdom of Jehovah

This article will help you to do so.

What is the name of the Bible?

Learning From the Gibeonites

The Gibeonites made peace with Israel and lived with them. - JOSHUA 10:1.

SING 88 Make My Paths Known to Me

What Does the Bible Really Teach?

We will see what lessons we can learn from the Bible account of the Gibeonites and from Jehovah's dealings with them.

FORTY years after the Israelites left Egypt and entered the Promised Land, Jehovah helped them to conquer key cities, such as Jericho and Ai.

2 The first mention of the spies is in the Bible account of the Gibeonites, who for centuries coexisted closely with the Israelites.

Strengthen Your Faith and Humility

3 When the Israelites arrived in Canaan, there were seven nations in the land they had to conquer that were much larger and more powerful than the Israelites. (Deut. 7:1) Among these nations were the Hivites, from whom the Gibeonites, who lived in fortified cities and had large armies, originated. (Ex. 34:11; Josh. 9:24) So when the Gibeonites heard that Israel had defeated the Canaanites, they did not hesitate to do so.

1-2. Why should we be interested in the Biblical account of the Gibeonites?

3. (a) What kind of people were the Gibeonites? (b) Why did the Gibeonites seek peace with Israel?

2

The Gibeonites trick the Israelites into making a peace treaty with them

(See also paragraph 4)

And he said to them, "If you are not willing, I will send you to the king of the Philistines, and I will make a covenant with you, and I will give you the land of the Philistines, and I will give you the land of the Philistines.

4 Read Joshua 9:8-13. Although the Gibeonites pretended to have come from a distant land because they thought that they had heard what Jehovah had done to the kings of Egypt and the Amorites, Sihon and Og, by means of the Israelites, the Gibeonites did not know what Israel had done to Jericho and Ai.

(Josh. 9:14, 15) Because they had taken an oath in the name of Jehovah, the elders of Israel did not act against the Gibeonites. (Josh. 9:16-19) Instead, they did menial work, such as carrying firewood and water for the congregation and for Jehovah's altar. - Josh. 9:27.

5 Upon learning that the Gibeonites had made a treaty with the Israelites, five Amorite kings of the other tribes united and sought help from Joshua. (Josh. 10:3-7) So Joshua led the Israelites to victory over the Gibeonites, and Jehovah gave them the victory by means of a hailstorm.

* The men who went to Joshua to speak with him were from Gibeon, Chephirah, Beeroth, and Kiriath-jearim. - Josh. 9:17.

4. (a) According to Joshua 9:8-13, how did the Gibeonites trick the Israelites into making a treaty of peace with them? (See also picture.) (b) When the Israelites realized that they had been tricked, how did they react?

5. How did the Gibeonites show faith in Jehovah?

July 2026

3

(Josh. 10:9-14) The Gibeonites showed their faith in Jehovah by making a covenant of peace with Israel but also by turning to Joshua for help when faced with a perilous situation.

(Num. 33:51, 52) That nation included the Gibeonites, but because of the oath that the Israelites had sworn to the Gibeonites, Jehovah could have ruled that the Gibeonites deserved to be destroyed because they had not consulted him. 9:26; 11:19. What does that mean?

(Ps. 40:4, 5) Another lesson we can learn from the Gibeonites is that we should be willing to do humble tasks in Jehovah's service that may seem lowly to others. (Josh. 9:23, 27) Luke, a young brother, recalls how impressed he was with the overseer who had a high-level assignment at Bethel. Luke recalls: "The brother's example taught me that true humility is not measured by what we say but by what we do. Like the Gibeonites, we show faith in Jehovah by relying on him to help us cope with difficult situations and by humbly accepting any assignment in Jehovah's organization.

If You Have a Crush on Someone, Leave It to Jehovah

8 The account of the Gibeonites reappears several centuries later in the Bible account of King Saul of ancient Israel's campaign against the Gibeonites, who were then living in the land of Israel.

9 Jehovah did not act immediately against the Gibeonites. He waited until David had succeeded Saul as king. Jehovah caused a three-year drought and a severe famine to occur in Israel.

Some scholars suggest that Saul may have been hostile to foreigners in his homeland.

6. What lesson can we learn from Jehovah's dealings with the Gibeonites?

7. How can we imitate the faith and humility of the Gibeonites? (See also picture.)

8. How did Saul deal with the Gibeonites?

9. When did Jehovah act in response to Saul's treatment of the Gibeonites?

4

What Does It Mean?

Do humble tasks that others may view as humiliating, and imitate the Gibeonites

(See also paragraph 7)

and they did not deal kindly with the Gibeonites, and they were not punished for their iniquity.

10 Read 2 Samuel 21:3-6. When David asked the Gibeonites what he could do to avenge Saul's death, did the Gibeonites conclude that David's delay was merely an excuse for not paying a ransom? Then came the end of the drought, the end of the rain, and the end of the famine, indicating that Jehovah's anger had been turned away from Israel. - 2 Sam. 21:9, 10, 14.

11 What does this account teach us about Jehovah? It teaches us that he is not partial to injustice. (Ps. 37:28) Today, it is possible to experience discrimination, prejudice, or mistreatment because of one's race, nationality, or skin color. Another lesson is that Jehovah expects us to be true to our vows, just as he expected the Israelites to be true to their vows to the Gibeonites. - Compare Amos 1:9.

12 The lesson we can learn from the account of the Gibeonites is that if we trust in Jehovah's ability to solve our problems, we will act in harmony with his will even if we are mistreated by a fellow Christian.

10. According to 2 Samuel 21:3-6, how did the Gibeonites show their desire to obey Jehovah's Law?

11. What does this account teach us about Jehovah?

12. How can we imitate the Gibeonites when someone treats us unfairly?

July 5, 2026

For example, ten years after entering Bethel service in 1926, Laura French faced a scandal in which she was falsely accused of apostasy and had to leave Bethel. Despite the scandal, she quietly served as a pioneer for four years before being surprised and thrilled to be invited back to Bethel in 1940, where she served Jehovah faithfully for over 50 years until her death. Sister French's experience shows that we should not retaliate, even if we feel that we have been treated unfairly by fellow believers. Instead, we should leave matters in Jehovah's hands, trusting that he will correct matters in his own time and way. - Isa. 26:3, 4.

Continue to Serve Jehovah

(Ezra 2:1, 2, 58) Others returned to Jerusalem with Governor Zerubbabel in 468 B.C.E. (Ezra 7:1-7) Among those who returned to Jerusalem with Governor Zerubbabel and Secretary Ezra were the "Nethinim". (See Ezra 2:58 and 7:7, footnotes.) They were non-Israelite temple slaves or temple servants, many of whom may have been descendants of the Gibeonites.

14 Some of the exiled Jews, who may have found it difficult to leave behind the comforts of Babylonian captivity in order to help rebuild Jerusalem, displayed outstanding faith in God's promises by returning to Jerusalem to restore worship and rebuild the temple. Unlike the Jews, who had no inheritance in Israel, the descendants of the Gibeonites did not use this as an excuse for returning to their homeland; instead, they returned to the temple and helped to rebuild the walls of Jerusalem. - Neh. 3:26.

15 What does this account teach us about Jehovah - that he appreciates those who offer sacrifices to him and that he will never forsake them? Why not? Because Jehovah did not react unfavorably when the Amorites attacked the Gibeonites; he spared the descendants of the Gibeonites when the Babylonians destroyed Jerusalem; and he did not forget the Gibeonites when the Jews returned from Babylon; he allowed them to continue the work on the temple. (Acts 11:21) As a result, they were exempt from paying the temple tax. - Ezra 7:24.

13. Who were the "Nethinim", and what did the Jews find with them on their return from Babylon?

14. How did the Gibeonites show their support for Jehovah's worship? (1 Chronicles 9:2, footnote)

15. What does the account of the Gibeonites reveal about Jehovah?

6 Watching the World

16 We can learn a valuable lesson from the account of the Gibeonites: We want to be busy in Jehovah's service and help others spiritually because we love Jehovah and want to please him, even if it means making sacrifices. When Alwin wanted to quit his job and become a regular pioneer, he regularly prayed to Jehovah to help him find work that would allow him to serve as a regular pioneer, even though the new job would pay less than his previous job in the oil business. You too can be confident that whatever sacrifices you have made in Jehovah's service, he will remember them and provide for you. - Matt. 6:33.

17 From the Bible account of the Gibeonites, we learn important lessons about Jehovah - that he is humble, merciful, just, and loyal, and that he appreciates the sacrifices made by his servants in his service. Moreover, since we have seen the need to be active in supporting true worship, let us imitate the courageous example of the Gibeonites by being willing to make sacrifices in Jehovah's service.

16. What lesson can we learn from the faith of the Gibeonites?

17. What lesson do we learn from the Gibeonites?

How Would You Answer?

□ How can we imitate the faith and humility of the Gibeonites?

□ How can we imitate the Gibeonites when someone treats us unkindly?

□ How can we uphold Jehovah's worship like the Gibeonites?

PSALM 148 Jehovah Is the Provider of Salvation

What is the future of the earth?

41 Hear My Prayer

What Does the Bible Really Teach?

When we are discouraged or depressed, reading the book of Isaiah can strengthen us.

Comfort From the Book of Isaiah

"'This is what Jehovah has said: . . . "As a mother comforts her son, so I myself will keep comforting you people".'" - Isa. 66:12, 13.

WHAT would a loving mother do if she found herself surrounded by a crying baby - perhaps because she was moving away from home, was grieving over the loss of a friend, or was feeling sorry for herself? - She would take her baby in her arms, listen to it, and then reassure her child that she loved him dearly.

2 In his Word, Jehovah is likened to a mother who cares for and comforts her child, making this heartwarming promise: "As a mother comforts her son, so I will continue comforting you". (Isa. 66:13) God's love for his people is even greater than that of a natural parent.

3 The Bible book of Isaiah is filled with a message of comfort for Jehovah's people living in ancient Judah during a time of great turmoil in the nation's history. (2 Tim. 3:1) Let us consider how a portion of the book of Isaiah can comfort and strengthen us as we cope with the unexpected changes in our life and as we face the distressing effects of our past. Finally, we mourn the death of a loved one.

How does Jehovah help us when we feel downhearted or discouraged?

3. What will we consider in this article?

8

When Things Change for the Better

(Eccl. 9:11; 1 Cor. 7:31) Such adjustments may cause you to wonder, 'What should I do now?' or they may even cause you to become discouraged and confused. Joseph, who served at Bethel for 17 years and was later assigned to pioneer service, says: "It was as if I had been dreaming. What assurance does Jehovah give in the book of Isaiah that can help us to cope with such sudden changes?

5 Read Isaiah 42:16. To those who may feel that the world is in complete darkness and they do not know where to go, Jehovah promises to guide them, turning their darkness into light. A sudden change in our life and the uncertainty of what lies ahead may seem to blind us, as if we were wandering down a path we have never followed, a dark path, or a twisted road. We may feel as if we were lost in a forest of uncertainty. He leadeth us by the hand into darkness, he leadeth us in the paths of the shadow of death unto light.

4. How can unexpected changes in our life affect us?

5. According to Isaiah 42:16, what assurance does Jehovah give us? (See also picture.)

Even if your circumstances change suddenly, Jehovah will not abandon you (See paragraph 5)

I will not leave thee, nor forsake thee, unless thou walk in the way wherein thou hast not walked.

(Ps. 119:105; Isa. 30:21) When we do not know what the future holds, even when we are faced with difficult situations, we can be confident of Jehovah's loving direction. - Isa. 41:10; 1 Pet. 5:6, 7.

6 Joseph, mentioned at the outset, recalls how Jehovah supported him and his wife after they left Bethel: "After we left Bethel, we felt Jehovah's hand in our life more than ever before, and we felt the support of our dear brothers and sisters. He is there for me, no matter what happens.* Things may not turn out the way we expect, but we should remember that Jehovah is with us, no matter what happens in our life.

WHEN WE SHOULD REPENT from our sins

7 If we confess a serious sin to the elders, we will receive loving help from them.

* The lyrics are taken from songs not yet in our songbook entitled "Jehovah Is With Me".

6. Regardless of unexpected changes in our life, of what can we be sure?

7. How might some feel about past sins?

(Prov. 28:13; Jas. 5:14-16; 1 John 1:9) Yet, even after our sins have been forgiven, we may still be plagued by a guilty conscience, wondering, 'How can I ever have Jehovah's forgiveness?' (2 Cor. 2:7) That is understandable, for thinking about past sins can weigh us down and make it hard for us to forget them. (Isa. 38:3, 8) If you are troubled by past sins, you too can draw comfort from the inspired words found in the book of Isaiah.

8 Read Isaiah 1:18. Using vivid imagery to illustrate the depth of Jehovah's forgiveness, he says that even if our sins are as scarlet, they will be made as white as snow.

9 For example, King David committed adultery and murder, yet Jehovah forgave him, later stating that David's heart was complete toward Him. (2 Sam. 11:3, 4, 14, 15; 12:13; 1 Ki. 9:4, 5) Rather than focusing on David's past sins, Jehovah focused on his record of faithfulness.

How does Isaiah 1:18 describe Jehovah's forgiveness?

10 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

For thou hast cast all my sins behind thy back.

Jehovah does not dwell on past sins (See paragraph 11)

help us to deal with a guilty conscience?

According to one reference work, this expression can be rendered as follows: You have put [my sins] behind you as if I had never sinned. So when Jehovah forgives us, he forgets our sins as if we had never done them; he does not hold them against us or punish us for them in the future. (Isa. 43:25) Is that not comforting?

Do not let past mistakes rob you of joy in serving Jehovah

Even if we are reminded of our past sins, why should we allow him to torment us?

11 When we are plagued by feelings of guilt over past sins, we need to take to heart Jehovah's assurance that when he forgives, he does not hold us accountable for them, and unlike humans, he does not hold a grudge against us. (Isa. 57:16) Rather than focusing on our past sins, Jehovah focuses on our present conduct and our efforts to please him.

10. What comfort is found at Isaiah 38:17?

11. Regardless of our past, what does Jehovah look for in us? (See also picture.)

11 JULY 2026

Your dead will live again.

The hope of seeing our dead loved ones again is a sure hope (See paragraph 14)

Yes, we serve a loving and forgiving God, but we should never allow past mistakes to rob us of the joy of serving Jehovah today or to cause us to miss out on the blessings of the future.

Dealing With the Loss of a Loved One

12 Michael, whose parents died in a fire, recalls: "I felt hurt and angry with Jehovah for taking care of them, even though I knew that he was not responsible for their deaths.

13 Read Isaiah 25:8. Jehovah promises that he will swallow up death forever. Imagine living in a world where death will be no more, where you will never again grieve over the death of a loved one (Isa. 35:10) and where you will never again see a loved one in a coffin that is being buried in the ground. Instead, you have the sure hope of living forever with your loved ones. This promise is not just a promise; it is God's word, and only he can make it come true. - Rev. 21:4, 5.

14 Read Isaiah 26:19. Not only will Jehovah wipe out death but he will also bring our dead loved ones back to life.

12. How can we cope with the death of a loved one?

13. According to Isaiah 25:8, what does Jehovah promise us?

14. How does the hope of the resurrection make you feel? (Isaiah 26:19) (See picture.)

12 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

Just as the morning dew brings life back to the plant, so Jehovah, the Source of life, will bring our dead loved ones back to life, eager to welcome them back to life! - Compare Mark 5:42.

15 Although the promise that Jehovah will resurrect our dead loved ones does not eliminate our grief, we are comforted by the knowledge that he is not forgotten. Michael, mentioned earlier, was comforted by this hope. "Isaiah 26:19 helped me to see how much Jehovah cares for my parents", he says, "and I know that he does not forget them and that they will remain in his memory until the future resurrection".

16 We have considered some passages from the book of Isaiah that can be comforting to us when our circumstances change suddenly, when we are troubled by past sins, or when we are grieving over the death of a loved one.

15. How does the resurrection hope comfort us when a loved one dies?

16. When faced with adversity, what specific Scriptural thought has comforted you?

COVER SUBJECT 9: A Bethel couple move to a new congregation and are warmly welcomed by the brothers and sisters.

WHAT is the purpose of marriage? . . .

▪ Isaiah 42:16?

□ Isaiah 1:18; 38:17?

□ Isaiah 25:8; 26:19?

PSALMS of Solomon - What Does It Mean?

Our Strength, Our Hope, and Our Trust

What does the Bible say?

LISTEN to the song.

Jehovah God, the Almighty

What Does the Bible Really Teach?

We will consider what it means to know Jehovah, why it is so important to do so, and how we can do so.

Keep Getting to Know Jehovah Closely

Know the God of your father and serve him with a complete heart". - 1 CHRON. 28:9.

WHEN we reflect on the depth of Jehovah's knowledge, wisdom, and wonderful works, we are moved to echo the words of the apostle Paul, who wrote: "O the depth of God's riches and wisdom and knowledge! How unsearchable his judgments are and past tracing out his ways are!" - Rom. 11:33, 34.

2 Although we cannot see everything about Jehovah, we can. King David exhorted his son Solomon: "Know the God of your father and serve him with a complete heart and with a delightful soul. If you search for him, he will let himself be found by you". (1 Chron. 28:9) Centuries later, the apostle John reminded his fellow Christians that they could "know" God. - 1 John 5:20.

3 As dedicated servants of Jehovah, we already have a vast amount of knowledge about him, but we will never know everything about him, and we will never know everything. (John 17:3) For example, each day provides us with more information about how to please Jehovah and how to trust in him.

1. How are we affected by reflecting on Jehovah's wisdom, knowledge, and marvelous works?

2. What shows that we can know Jehovah intimately?

3. What will we consider in this article?

14

What does it mean to know Jehovah?

(Jer. 24:7) Although the returnees may have had some knowledge of Jehovah, they needed to know him with their whole heart and with their whole mind, as stated in the book What Does the Bible Really Teach? published by the Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc. It's not as if reading about romance and falling in love are two different things. It's not as if knowing that there is a God whose name is Jehovah is a terrible thing to do.

5 As we come to know Jehovah intimately, we come to know what he likes and dislikes. Consider the example of King Josiah. "In the eighth year of his reign, when Josiah was still a young man, he began to search for the God of David his forefather". (2 Chron. 34:3) But not only did he come to know Jehovah but he also acted in harmony with that knowledge.

6 Read Psalm 9:10. How can we know Jehovah?

As the apostle Paul faced death in prison, he said: "I am not ashamed of it, for I know whom I have believed". (2 Tim. 1:12) Paul's knowledge of Jehovah and his experience in life helped him to put his complete trust in him, confident that Jehovah would remember his faithful course and would resurrect him in the future.

Why is it important to get to know Jehovah better?

7 When we first learned about Jehovah, we may have tried to get to know him better, but as we have served him for years, we may begin to view him in a different light. Why? When we read God's Word privately or at a Christian meeting, we may focus on how we can apply what we learn, how we can help others, and how we can do what the Scriptures tell us to do. (2 Tim. 3:16, 17) Yet, the Bible also reveals much about Jehovah. (Isa. 25:8-10) Hence, when we read the Bible, we need to focus not only on what we can learn from it but also on what we can teach others. We can ask ourselves, 'What does this teach me about Jehovah God?'*

8 If we know Jehovah well, we will have a good relationship with him.

The New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures - With References contains a section on the front page entitled "Introduction to God's Word".

4. How can we come to know Jehovah better?

5. What can we learn from King Josiah about coming to know Jehovah intimately?

6. According to Psalm 9:10, how can knowing Jehovah well benefit us?

7. What may happen if we have served Jehovah for many years?

(Psalm 73:24-28) How can we be sure that our relationship with Jehovah will be as close as possible to our relationship with our heavenly Father?

15 JULY 2026

Since we have learned so much about him, we have many reasons to praise and thank him, as did the psalmist Asaph, who reflected on the love of Jehovah and could write: "God is the rock of my heart and my share to time indefinite". (Read Psalm 73:24-28.) The more we get to know Jehovah, the more we appreciate the value of our friendship with him.

9 The Bible tells us: "You have come to know Jehovah". (Prov. 3:5, 6) This involves meditating on what we know about Jehovah and remembering that our conduct matters to him, thus helping us to make wise decisions. If we regularly meditate on Jehovah's thoughts, we too can make decisions that will please him. - Ps. 19:13, 14.

10 Jehovah created us in his image, so we have the capacity to reflect his qualities.

9. (a) How can knowing God help us? (b) Give an example.

10. How will continuing to learn about Jehovah help us?

(Matt. 23:23) Instead of imitating the scribes and the Pharisees, we should focus on Jehovah's qualities as we read the Scriptures, and this will help us to imitate him. - 1 John 4:8, 11.

How Can We Get to Know Jehovah Well?

11 As you come to know Jehovah, you may have been taught the truth by your parents, by Bible accounts that reveal God's personality through creation, or by a Bible teacher who used the book Enjoy Life Forever to help you deepen your appreciation for God's qualities revealed in creation.* (Neh. 8:8; Acts 14:17) In each case, let us consider ways to continue to take in knowledge of Jehovah.

12 The first step in getting to know Jehovah well is to put forth earnest effort

* See the book You Can Live Forever in Joy, study 7, paragraphs 5-7.

11. How did you come to know Jehovah?

12-13. (a) What can we learn about Jehovah when we read the Bible? (b) Give an example. (Jeremiah 39:15-18) (See opening picture.)

16 What Does It Mean to Be a Christian?

Increase your appreciation for Jehovah by meditating on the things he has created

(See also paragraph 15)

(Ex. 34:6, 7) More often than not, though, the Bible refers to individuals, events, and choices that they made in life. So when you read such Bible accounts, look for what they reveal about Jehovah's personality.

13 For example, as you read Jeremiah 38:6-13, you may immediately think of Ebed-melech, the Ethiopian man who rescued the prophet Jeremiah, and of the qualities of self-sacrifice, courage, and love that Ebed-melech displayed. What about Jehovah's qualities that you see in this account? (Read Jeremiah 39:15-18.) As you read a Bible account, try to discern Jehovah's qualities in the account, and thank him for giving you insight into those qualities.

14 A second way we can come to know Jehovah is by meditating on his creation. (Ps. 145:9, 10) Some have spent a lifetime studying the natural world, yet they have not been able to discern God's qualities. The apostle Paul said that God's "invisible qualities . . . are clearly seen from the world's creation onward, because they are perceived by the things made". - Rom. 1:20. When we observe and meditate on the things that Jehovah has created, we can discern some of his qualities.

15 Many of us live in cities

14. Why should each of us meditate on Jehovah's creations?

15. How did Patrick come to know Jehovah as a person, and how can you imitate him? (See also pictures.)

July 17, 2026

Patrick, who lives in Brazzaville, the largest city in the Republic of the Congo, says: "Every day I try to look at Jehovah's creation - the ants and the birds, who are busy looking for food and shelter. She continues: "When I realized how much Jehovah cares for the natural world - even for the most insignificant of creatures - I became convinced that Jehovah cares for me personally and that he will give me everything I need".

16 A third way that we can come to know Jehovah better is by meditating on what he has done for us, as did Mary, the mother of Jesus. In a sense, she already knew Jehovah well and had his favor. (Luke 1:30) However, she had the wonderful privilege of becoming the mother of God's Son.

16. (a) How did Jesus' mother, Mary, come to know Jehovah? (b) What can we learn from her example?

Meditating on what Jehovah has done for you personally helps you to know him better

(See also paragraph 16)

18 What Does It Mean to Be a Christian?

(Luke 1:46-55) We too should be grateful when Jehovah comes to our aid in times of need. (Heb. 4:16) When you personally experience Jehovah's help, pause and ask yourself: 'What does this reveal about Jehovah?

We Can Never Learn All There Is to Know About Jehovah

17 In the new world, we will continue to learn about Jehovah through new scrolls, in which we will learn what is acceptable to him and what is not acceptable to him. (Rev. 20:12) What a privilege it will be to learn about Jehovah's qualities from the earthly scene!

(Ps. 90:2; 147:5) The fact is, humans will never be able to see the work of the true God from beginning to end. (Eccl. 3:11) Whether we have been in the truth for many years or just a few, let us continue to grow in knowledge of our loving heavenly Father.

17-18. Why can it be said that we will never learn all there is to know about Jehovah?

COVER: Ebed-melech shows courage by rescuing Jeremiah from a cistern. Page 18: An anxious brother reflects on how Jehovah helped him to handle his assignment at the midweek meeting.

How Would You Answer?

▪ What does it mean to know Jehovah intimately?

□ Why should we continue to get to know Jehovah better?

□ How can we come to know Jehovah better?

28 Become Jehovah's Friend

What is the name of the book that you are reading?

Help Others to Come to Know Jehovah Closely

Psalm 79 - Help Them to Remain Steadfast

"This means everlasting life, their coming to know you, the only true God". - JOHN 17:3.

What Does the Bible Really Teach?

How to help your Bible student come to know Jehovah, his personality, and what he likes and dislikes.

HOW do you feel when you observe a Bible student who attends Christian meetings for the first time, gives comments, shares what he learns with others, and progresses toward baptism?

2 It is God's will that all sorts of men should be saved and come to an accurate knowledge of truth. (Read 1 Timothy 2:3, 4.) Jehovah wants people to know him and his purpose for mankind. Thus, when a Bible student comes to know Jehovah, that knowledge can transform his life and open the way to everlasting life. - John 17:3.

3 In this article, we will consider the following questions: (1) Why is it important for Bible students to come to know Jehovah? (2) How can we help a student to come to know Jehovah? (3) How can we help a student to apply what he learns?

1. How do we feel when we see Bible students make spiritual progress?

2. What is Jehovah's heart's desire? (1 Timothy 2:3, 4)

3. What will we consider in this article?

20

Help the Student to Come to Know Jehovah

4 Jesus said that the greatest commandment is to love Jehovah with one's whole heart, soul, mind, and strength. (Read Mark 12:30.) Hence, our goal as Bible students is to help the student to come to know and love Jehovah.

5 Love is closely related to obedience, and when a Bible student comes to know and love Jehovah, no one can force him to obey God's commands. Jesus said: "In order for the world to know that I love the Father, just as the Father has commanded me, so I do". (John 14:31) Likewise, when our Bible students put love for Jehovah first in their lives, they will obey Jehovah without becoming apostates. - 1 John 5:3.

6 When a Bible student comes to know Jehovah well, he will be able to make decisions in harmony with Jehovah's thinking.

Similarly, when Bible students apply what they learn and see the benefits of doing so, they will come to know Jehovah better. As they come to know Jehovah and see how he is helping them in their lives, they will be able to make wise decisions.

(Gen. 2:24; 20:3, 6) His knowledge of God's view of marriage and sex may have helped him to resist the temptation of Potiphar's wife, who wrongly reasoned: "How can I commit this great badness and actually sin against God?" - Gen. 39:7-9. Like Joseph, we need to help Bible students come to know Jehovah and his qualities so that they can make decisions that will please him.

Help Your Bible Student to See Jehovah as He Really Is

8 How can you help your Bible student to get a better understanding of Jehovah? Using questions, Jehovah asked Job more than 50 questions.

4. In view of Mark 12:30, what should we keep in mind when conducting a Bible study?

5. What will a student's heartfelt love for God move him to do?

6. How can knowledge of Jehovah affect a Bible student? Illustrate.

7. How did Joseph benefit from his knowledge of Jehovah?

8. How can you use the Enjoy Life Forever! book to help your Bible student come to know Jehovah as he is?

21 JULY 2026

Using Questions to Improve

The Enjoy Life Forever! book is designed to help Bible students come to know Jehovah better by answering the following questions:

How does Jehovah view those who preach the good news?

Based on what you have learned about Jehovah and Jesus, do you think that people will be judged fairly or unfairly?

How does Jehovah feel when you obey him and act as his wise Potter, and why? (Lesson 34)

How do you think Jehovah would feel if you married someone who did not love him? (Study 42)

What does this verse say about Jehovah's forgiveness?

How does Jehovah's dealings with sinners reflect his reasonableness, mercy, and love? (paragraph 57)

For example, the book Enjoy Life Forever! is designed to help students learn more about Jehovah and his qualities. (See the box "Questions That Make Teaching Effective".)

9 Right from the start, we need to encourage new ones to make it a part of their daily routine to read the Bible.* After reading a Bible passage, we can help them to reason on such questions as: 'Why did Jehovah put this information in the Bible?' and 'What qualities of Jehovah do I learn from this account?' For example, the disciple James highlighted not only Job's endurance but also Jehovah's tender compassion and mercy. - Read James 5:11.

10 We want to help Bible students to see how a certain Bible account can help them to discern what pleases Jehovah and what displeases him.

* The book You Can Live Forever in Happiness! contains the following information for you: Make it your goal to read the Bible daily. Following the section Read the Bible Daily will help you to do so.

9-10. (a) What will help our Bible students to get the most out of their Bible reading? (James 5:11) (b) Give an example of how a Bible account helps us to discern what pleases Jehovah and what displeases him.

22 Watching the World

Help your student to see that a Bible passage that is difficult for him to understand is not based on what he already knows about Jehovah (See paragraphs 12-13)

(Dan. 6:10, 22) He might also ask himself: What happened to Daniel's accusers? What aspects of Jehovah's personality do I learn from this account? (Dan. 6:4, 5, 24) He might also ask himself, 'What other qualities of Jehovah do I learn from this account?' (Dan. 6:26, 27)

11 While we can be overjoyed when a Bible student sees the benefits of studying with us, we do well to remind him that what he is learning comes from the Great Instructor, Jehovah.

11. How can we help a Bible student to see that what we teach comes from Jehovah?

We might remind him that even though a person deserves praise for something he has done, it is Jehovah who deserves all the praise.

Help Your Student to Apply What He Learns

12 How can you help a Bible student who is struggling to understand a Bible account to reason on what he already knows about Jehovah? For example, a Bible student may have read something about Jehovah's judgments that puzzles him as to why some were executed and others were spared.

13 You can encourage the student to think about what he already knows about Jehovah.

(See also pictures.) 12-13. How can you help a Bible student if he does not understand a Bible verse?

23 of JULY of 2026

(Ex. 34:6, 7) While the Scriptures do not explicitly tell us why Jehovah has made certain decisions, we do not need to know the reasons for them because we know the Sovereign Lord whom we serve and are convinced that he will always do what is right.

14 A second way in which a Bible student can put his knowledge of Jehovah into practice is by asking himself: 'What if, when a person begins to attend meetings, he finds it difficult to associate with fellow believers?

14. If a brother does something that offends your student, how can you help him?

Help your students to make decisions that please Jehovah (See paragraphs 15-16)

(John 3:16) How does Jehovah view our unity? (Ps. 133:1) How does he feel when he sees us striving to preserve that unity? (2 Cor. 13:11) By doing so, help your Bible student to see that Jehovah is pleased when he focuses on the good qualities of others rather than on their imperfections.

15 Finally, you can help your Bible student to reach the right decision by pointing to lesson 35 in the book Enjoy Life Forever! on the subject 'How to Make Good Decisions.' However, even after prayerful consideration and careful research, a person may find it difficult to make a decision. He said: "I always do the things pleasing to my Father". (Read John 8:29.) You might encourage your student to ask himself: 'Based on all the research I have done and all the things I have learned about Jehovah, what decisions will I make that will please him?'

16 A Witness in Chile faced a difficult decision in her life when her family urged her to accept a lucrative job that would make it difficult for her to attend meetings regularly.

15-16. (a) How can a Bible student follow Jesus' example when faced with making a weighty decision? (John 8:29) (b) How did Marianne successfully help her Bible student to make a wise decision? (See also pictures.)

24 Watching the World

She decided not to accept the offer, and soon afterward she found a job that would allow her to attend meetings regularly. Marianne did not tell her student to do one thing or another; rather, she helped her to reason on what she already knew about Jehovah. As a result, the student became closer to Marianne and to Jehovah. Consider what Marianne says about her Bible student: "My Bible student learned that when we put Jehovah's service first in our life, he cares for us".

Blessed Are Those Who Have Known Jehovah

17 When we conduct home Bible studies, we often cover basic Bible teachings, such as the condition of the dead, the ransom, and God's Kingdom.

17. What is important for us to help Bible students to understand?

In addition to teaching them how the congregation is organized, how our meetings are conducted, what the work of the elders is, and how the Governing Body cares for the work of the congregation, the most important thing is that they get to know Jehovah better.

(Ps. 25:12-15) Moreover, we have the prospect of living forever in the future. (1 John 5:20) More than that, the Bible assures us that those who come to know and love Jehovah are known by him. - 1 Cor. 8:3.

18. What benefits come from knowing Jehovah well?

COVER SUBJECT A demonstration of how Marianne, a Bible student, refused a lucrative job.

How Would You Answer?

□ Why should a Bible student come to know Jehovah intimately?

▪ How can you help your Bible student to see how Jehovah is?

□ How can we help our Bible students to apply what they learn?

SING 84 Giving of Ourselves in Support of the Work

The Meaning of Life

Allowing Jehovah to Continue Training Me

As told by KEN KIUCHI

I WILL always remember my first visit to the printery at Bethel in Brooklyn, New York, U.S.A. I had never seen anything like the sound and movement of the printing presses, the dust from the paper they were working on, and the oil all over the building.

I saw many things, but I was especially impressed by the brothers and sisters who worked there - young men and women engaged in what is viewed by many as menial work, hard work that is seldom noticed but that is appreciated. These brothers taught me what it means to serve Jehovah in a humble way.

Over the years, Jehovah has gradually trained me to serve him well.

I Found God in My Life

I was born and raised in the suburbs of Chicago, Illinois, U.S.A. As the eldest of four children, my parents moved from Japan to Chicago in search of a better life in America, a better education, and a better future.

My parents were devout Buddhists, and my mother grew up in a Buddhist monastery, where her father and two of his brothers were Buddhist priests, so I grew up as a devout Buddhist. After school, the first thing I did each day was to offer incense, rice, and water to the Buddhist deity in our home.

When I was about seven years old, I remember looking at the goddess of peace in our home one day and wondering, 'What will happen to me when I die?' Buddhism taught me that when I die, I will continue to live in the spirit realm.

26 What Does It Mean to Be a Christian?

When I was about 15 years old, my devotion to Buddhist rituals seemed pointless, and I realized that something was wrong with my life. (Matt. 5:3) Deep down, I wanted to know the existence of a supreme living God. Hoping that the Bible would help me find answers to my questions, I bought a copy of the King James Version of the Bible.

When I was 17 years old, I was walking my dog one day when a Witness named Wilson Bashou approached me and asked, 'Do you know what God will do for mankind in the future?' That question led to a lengthy Bible discussion. Wilson read Revelation 17:1 and asked, 'What does the "sea of waters" on which the harlot sits represent?' At the end of our conversation, Wilson gave me a copy of the book The Truth That Leads to Eternal Life.

Ten days later, I attended my first meeting at the Kingdom Hall, and I will never forget the warm welcome I received. From then on, I never missed a meeting. Wilson began to study with me.

My wife and I are now pioneers.

My parents had made great sacrifices so that I could pursue a career in medicine, but I wanted to serve Jehovah full-time and do all I could in his service.

I loved my parents and did not want to hurt them, so I would often go to the school at night and look for a place outside the school and cry out to Jehovah: Please help me make the right decision. When I finally decided to leave the university, my father told me to move out of the house. I knew that I had made the right decision.

In 1984, I became a regular pioneer, the first full-time minister in the United States to be so honored.

One afternoon, I was so discouraged that I did not want to go out in the field service because I did not have a partner, but I went out quietly.

With Wilson Bashou, who introduced me to the truth

July 2026

27

In front of a group of visitors at Brooklyn Bethel, showing them the printing and binding departments

With Michiko Oda and her husband

I was tired, lonely, and rainy, so I didn't know if I should continue or not. I went upstairs, and there was this young Filipino man. I thought to myself, 'He's not going to listen to me.'

What I Learned at BETHEL IN BROOKLYN

In 1985, after two years in the Wilson household, I was invited to serve at Brooklyn Bethel, where, as I mentioned at the outset of my story, I was assigned to work in the bookbinding department. The overseer of the branch told me respectfully, When you do something wrong, apologize. That day taught me that when I make a mistake, I should admit it and apologize.

One day at lunch, Milton Henschel, a member of the Governing Body, and I were seated around a packed table as the brothers serving the meals kept coming and going, while the younger ones at the table kept arguing over who should be serving the meals. To this day, I remember Brother Henschel's humble service to his brothers as well as Jesus' service to his apostles. - John 13:3-5.

28 Watching the World

YOU HAVE to learn Japanese!

In 1987, I visited Japan and was deeply impressed by the zeal and humility of the brothers and sisters there. I wanted to help them, but my limited knowledge of Japanese hindered me. A sister at Bethel named Michiko Oda looked at me and firmly said, 'You must learn Japanese!'

In 1989, I attended my first Japanese-language convention in Los Angeles, California, where I was impressed by the drama presented by a pioneer sister named Miwako Onami.

Miwako and I were married in 1992, and we had the privilege of serving together at Brooklyn Bethel. She is a caring person who always wants to do something for others.

TO JAPAN BETHEL and then to the pioneer service

Some years later, when Miwako's parents in Japan became seriously ill, the Brooklyn Bethel asked us to move to Bethel in Japan so that we could be near them and care for them.

After a short visit to the branch office in Japan, we immediately fell in love with the hospitality and generosity of our Japanese brothers and sisters, and I was moved to tears to learn from them the value of their hard work and the spirit of unity that characterizes the Japanese culture, which emphasizes the value of working together as a team rather than working for one's own selfish ends.

Our wedding day

I had to learn to be patient, and in time, I came to realize that Jehovah can bless any decision we make as long as we cooperate with his organization, and nothing we do can succeed without his help.

The training I received at Bethel taught me to be humble and to rely on Jehovah, just as Jehovah patiently trained and trained Moses over the course of 40 years as a shepherd and with Jehovah's help helped him to cultivate humility.

July 29, 2026

For some 24 years, we cared for Miwako's parents until their deaths - many trips, many visits to hospitals, and sometimes just compassion. Miwako's mother, Masako, became increasingly ill and could hardly walk. Masako had difficulty attending meetings and sharing in the ministry. This is something I want to learn.

In 2024, after more than 30 years of Bethel service, we received an invitation to serve as special pioneers on the island of Okinawa, where we have the privilege of witnessing to the families of former military personnel who live nearby. Miwako and I thank Jehovah every day for allowing us to enjoy this privilege of service.

I Am Willing to Let Jehovah Shape My Life

(Mark 10:29, 30) I have personally experienced the truthfulness of these words and have become part of a loving, caring, international family that I would not have been able to describe in words.

I still have with me the little book that Wilson gave me, which reminds me of how Jehovah helped me to come to know him! (1 Chron. 28:9) I am determined to continue to receive his training and to help others to learn the truth and to gain everlasting life.

Serving at the Japan branch office

Preaching with Miwako in Okinawa

30 From Our Readers

Make Peace Quickly With Your Brother!

IF YOU have been hurt by one of Jehovah's Witnesses and now have a difficult relationship with him, take the initiative to make peace with him.*

For example, a fractured bone may need to be repaired by a surgeon, but without such help, the pain may persist and the fracture may never heal.

Just as a person with a broken bone can be rushed to the emergency room for medical attention, failure to act quickly can result in pain, resentment, and ultimately a damaged relationship. (Matt. 5:25) Hence, it is wise to take the initiative to resolve a disagreement calmly.

First of all, you may not want to bring up the matter, much less settle it, so you may feel that you have overlooked it.* Consider Euodia and Syntyche, who apparently had a misunderstanding.

(Matt. 5:23, 24) On the other hand, when it comes to serious sins, we may need to seek spiritual help from the elders.* (Matt. 18:17) If we fail to do so, we should first apply the principle found at Matthew 18:15, 16.

If a sibling's hurt or offense is minor, you can try to overlook it. - Prov. 26:20.

(Phil. 4:2) The restoration of peace would require humility, sincere communication, and a willingness to forgive.

Second, if you feel that your brother is the one who is at fault and should apologize to you, remember that your goal is to make peace with him rather than to make him feel better. A doctor who treats a fractured bone is more concerned with the bone's survival than with the cause of the fracture. So when you talk to your brother, do not try to decide who is right or who is wrong. Instead, remember how precious your friendship with your brother is and what you need to do to make peace with him.

The Bible says: "Let the sun not set with you in a provoked state". (Eph. 4:26) If you take the initiative to make peace with your brother, you will be contributing to a lasting peace. - Eph. 4:1-3.

31 JULY 2026

The Watchtower Announces the Kingdom of Jehovah

This article is part of a series on the Bible's message to mankind.

What Does It Mean to Be a Christian?

Study Articles for September 7-13 2 Learn From the Gibeonites

8 You Can Find Comfort in the Book of Isaiah

14 Keep Getting to Know Jehovah Better

20 Help Others Come to Know Jehovah Better

26 Life Story - Getting Continued Training From Jehovah

Be Quick to Make Peace With Your Brother

The Science of Education

A Tool for Giving Encouraging Answers

(Heb. 10:24, 25) What will help us to give encouraging comments?

• Pray to Jehovah to help you to use your comments in a way that honors him and encourages others. - Ps. 35:18.

• Make it your goal to read the answers directly from the publication. By giving answers in your own words, you build others up and demonstrate your faith in Jehovah.

At meetings, your concise, well-thought-out comments encourage others to speak, and they are encouraged to do so. - Prov. 10:19.

• Be upbuilding in your comments, not admonishing or criticizing.

Even if you are not invited, you can encourage others by listening to their comments and then commend them. - Prov. 10:21.

This publication is not for sale. It is part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations.

Unless otherwise indicated, Scripture quotations are from the modern-language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) July 2026 is published by the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana.

Go to jw.org, or scan this icon

What is JW.ORG®?

w26.07-TW