What does it mean to be a Christian?

The Watchtower Announces the Kingdom of Jehovah

This article will help you to see how you can benefit from the Kingdom-preaching and disciple-making work.

1926

The First Millennium

IN THE near future, God will make his name known to people, some of whom will be his witnesses on earth. - The Watch Tower, January 1, 1926.

In 1926, through the Head of the Christian congregation, Jesus Christ, Jehovah helped Christians to appreciate that the preaching work should be the most important thing in their lives. The "faithful and discreet slave" then turned its attention to the preaching work.

The Book of Life and the Miracles It Accomplishes

In April, the Golden Age (now Awake!) magazine announced the release of a new book entitled Deliverance, which would replace the main book used in the ministry, Studies in the Scriptures.* To meet the demand for the new volumes, the brothers rented a printing press that could print up to 22 volumes a minute.

Although the Bible Students had been studying the book Studies in the Scriptures for several years, beginning in May, they began studying the articles published in The Watchtower.

A congregation there wrote to Brother Rutherford, saying: "The Little Bunker Hill Congregation sends its greetings to you.

For example, one article pointed out that some people were so preoccupied with cultivating such qualities as kindness and humility that they lost sight of the principal work of true Christians. The article made it clear that Jehovah commanded Christians to be his witnesses, and because of their love for Jehovah, each Christian should be ready to obey God's command to preach.

The second article emphasized that true Christians demonstrate their love for Jehovah by rendering loyal service to him, and it urged the Bible Students to work diligently to reach as many people as possible with the good news. - Isa. 43:10, 12; Matt. 24:14.

These articles helped the brothers to make rapid adjustments in the congregations.

2

What Does It Mean?

In the July 15, 1926, issue of The Watch Tower, a brother wrote: "With the encouragement and comfort of our new knowledge, we are now able not just to read The Watchtower but also to study it.

God's people have been given the opportunity to conquer the world

Toward the end of May, all the printing companies in Britain were closed in London, England, so the brothers at the Brooklyn branch office worked long hours to produce 117,000 copies of a new brochure entitled "God's Word for Mankind", which was distributed to the conventioners.

On Saturday, May 29, the conventioners took to the streets to distribute the tract. That day the program urged the brothers: Inviting all Bible Students to preach about Jesus and the Kingdom, please go to Alexandra Palace in the morning, and the brothers there will tell you what to do.

The July 15, 1926, issue of The Watch Tower reported: "The joy of the brothers . . . is the realization that they have fulfilled Jehovah's commission to preach".

The next day, Brother Rutherford gave a talk on the future of world powers at the Royal Albert Hall, and as soon as the doors opened, 13,000 people filled the auditorium.

In his talk, Brother Rutherford explained that human governments had failed because they had rejected Jehovah and His Kingdom.

Brothers Assigned to Preach in India

Shortly after the convention in London, when Brother Rutherford met Edwin Skinner, a colporteur (pioneer) who had returned to his assignment, Brother Rutherford asked him to meet him again in London.

Brother Skinner recalled: "I had a feeling that he would tell me that my brother-in-law was serving abroad, so the next day I went to Lon-don . . . , ready to accept his invitation to serve abroad

A. the book Deliverance

B. Alexandra Palace, located in London

D. The Royal Albert Hall, located in London

Deliverance is at hand!

A

A and B

D

D. George Wright (left) and Edwin Skinner while serving in India

What is the Bible's view of marriage?

What is it?

E

Brother Rutherford asked him, "Would you like to go to India?" He replied, "When would you like me to come?"

Three weeks later, in July, he and Brother Edwin left for India, where Brother Skinner served as branch overseer and supervised the work in Burma (Myanmar), Ceylon (Sri Lanka), India, and Persia (Iran).

WORKING WITNESSES take the lead in the ministry

Beginning in 1894, representatives of the Watch Tower Society were assigned to visit groups of the Bible Students, as traveling overseers are today. In July 1926, the assignment of these brothers was changed from one day to two days, with the requirement of 100 hours a month in the ministry.

In a letter to the Watch Tower Society, Brother George Draper, then a traveling overseer, explained that all brothers, including traveling overseers, should be ready to speak the word of God to others, and he went on to say that the study of The Watchtower magazine would help them to do so.

What has been accomplished in New York City?

In October 1926, the last convention was held in New York City from October 14 to 18. Newspaper companies had agreed to advertise Brother Rutherford's program at the convention, but as the convention approached, most prominent newspapers refused to do so.

Determined to publicize the news, on Friday, October 15, R. J. Martin released a short pamphlet entitled Opposed to Publicity that exposed the secrecy of the newspaper industry. "We have already begun the printing process", Brother Martin said, "and our brothers at Bethel will continue to work day and night until we reach the goal of producing a million and two hundred and fifty copies. The delegates distributed the tract on Friday, and by the end of the day, 300,000 copies had been distributed.

During the weekend, a record number of tracts were distributed, bringing the total number of tracts distributed at the convention to over a million! In addition to the book Deliverance, these zealous pioneers placed 3,783 copies and 35,140 booklets.

Some 12,000 listened to Brother Rutherford's public talk

4 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

S Judge Rutherford's Lecture Earth's Greatest Conflict Near New Madison Square Garden Sunday, October 17 at 3 o'clock SEATS FREE NO COLLECTION rnational Bible Students Association (formerly known as the National Bible Students Association) is a nonprofit organization dedicated to the study of the Bible.

What is it?

F. and F.

E. Advertising of Brother Rutherford's talk in a newspaper

F. The assembly at Madison Square Garden, New York, in October 1926

Sunday, October 17, at 3:00 p.m. Following the talk, interested ones wanted to know more, so the brothers placed over nine thousand booklets, the largest number ever placed at a convention.

Our House on Adams Street

As the demand for our literature grew, the brothers in Brooklyn saw the need to build a larger printing plant. They rented a building on Concord Street, where our literature was printed, at great expense.

A new building was to be completed in 1927, ready to handle the increased work that was to be done, as more people began to associate with the Bible Students and God's people were being prepared to take on the name Jehovah's Witnesses.

Printing plant located on Adams Street, Brooklyn, New York

What is the Bible's view of marriage?

This article is part of our coverage of the Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc.

46 We Thank You, Jehovah

THIS article will help us to cultivate and show gratitude.

Show Yourself Thankful

"Show yourselves thankful". - COL. 3:15.

WHEN John,* a 95-year-old Christian, was nearing the end of his life, his health was failing so badly that he had to rely on other caregivers. Whenever someone came to visit him or did even a small favor for him, John would say, 'Thank you.' Then he would write his name in a notebook. At the end of the day, he would ask the caregiver to hold him tightly while kneeling at his bedside to say a prayer. One of his attendants commented: 'John is old and frail, but he is cheerful and happy.

2 Sadly, as the Bible foretold, in these last days, people in general lack gratitude (2 Tim. 3:1, 2).

3 As Jehovah's people, we need to guard against adopting the unthankful attitude that is so common today. The apostle Paul wrote: "Show yourselves thankful". (Col. 3:15) In this article, we will consider the following three questions: (1) Why should we cultivate a thankful spirit? (2) How can we cultivate a thankful spirit?

* Name has been changed.

1. What can you learn from John's experience? (See also pictures.) 2. What is common today? 3. What will we consider in this article?

6

When we cultivate gratitude, we find joy and satisfaction in life (See paragraph 1)

(3) How can we cultivate a thankful heart?

WHY should we be thankful?

(Prov. 15:15) All of us face discouraging circumstances from time to time, and we may not be able to control such situations, but we can control our attitude toward them.

The last part of Proverbs 15:15 states: "A cheerful heart has a banquet all the time. . . . A person who is thankful tends to think of positive things to be thankful for, not to dwell on his problems. . . .

6 Read Philippians 4:6, 7. Expressing gratitude in prayer helps us to cope with "anxiety of every sort". Why? Because the more we express gratitude, the more we focus on what Jehovah already has for us, and the less we worry about what may happen in the future.

4. How can a lack of gratitude be harmful?

5. How does showing gratitude contribute to our happiness?

6. How does gratitude help us to reduce anxiety? (Philippians 4:6, 7)

October 7, 2026

Isaiah 33:6 "He is the stability of your times" ♡

Take time each day to meditate on your blessings (See paragraphs 9-10)

And he has given us his peace, the peace of God, which surpasses all understanding and wisdom.

7 Our heart filled with gratitude draws us closer to Jehovah, who has given us all the good things we have. (Read James 1:17.) He has given us the ransom and the hope of everlasting life, not because we deserve it, but because he loves us. (Rom. 3:24; Eph. 2:8) Our appreciation for the love of our best Friend and Father, Jehovah, will draw us ever closer to him.

HOW can we be the sort of people who keep their word?

8 Reflect on how Jehovah has sustained you in the past, such as when you faced a difficult situation, such as the loss of a loved one, a serious illness, or persecution because of your faith.

9 Meditate on what Jehovah has already done for you. The Bible says: "In everything give thanks". (1 Thess. 5:18) Set aside time each day to meditate on your blessings, whether you do so in the morning to start the day with a positive outlook, in the evening to end the day with a positive outlook, or at some other convenient time.

10 First, meditate on the good things that Jehovah has done for you each day for which you can thank him.

7. How does showing gratitude draw us closer to Jehovah? (James 1:17)

8. Why is it good to reflect on how Jehovah has helped us in the past? (2 Corinthians 4:7)

9-10. What blessings from Jehovah do you appreciate each day? (See also picture.)

8

What Does It Mean?

(Ps. 65:2; Matt. 24:45; Rom. 15:4) Think, for example, about the beauty of a sunrise or sunset, the delicacy of a meal, the warmth of a friend's embrace - all blessings that we enjoy because God has given us "breath and life". (Acts 17:25) What else is there for which you should be grateful? - Eph. 5:20.

11 Think, too, of the blessings you enjoy as a member of a loving, united brotherhood. (Ps. 133:1; Prov. 18:24) Have you ever been touched by the kindness and encouragement of a brother or a sister? (Prov. 12:25; 16:24) Even small blessings can be a cause for gratitude. That is why I have come to love the brothers more. Just the embrace of this afflicted sister brought relief and satisfaction to her.

12 If we meditate on what Jehovah has done for us in the past and what he is doing for us now, we will want to cultivate heartfelt gratitude.

How Can We Maintain a Thankful Attitude?

13 After encouraging us to be thankful, the apostle Paul wrote: "Whatever it is that you do in word or in deed, do all in the name of the Lord Jesus, thanking God the Father through him". (Col. 3:15, 17) We express our gratitude in words and deeds.

14 Express your appreciation by your words. Every time someone does something kind or says something encouraging to you, be sure to thank him. From time to time, you could express your appreciation by sending a thank-you note or a text message. For example, if an elder has made a visit to your family, you could write a thank-you text message to him or her (1 Thess. 5:12, 13) At times, you might also express your appreciation to the wives of elders, whose wives are allowed to spend an evening with you.

11-12. In what ways are our Christian brothers and sisters a blessing to us?

13. How can we show ourselves thankful?

14. (See also pictures.) (b) In what ways can we show appreciation for our brothers and sisters?

9 October 2026

How can you show appreciation to others? (See paragraph 14)

After they had been released, they visited the brothers and encouraged them.

15 We especially want to express our gratitude to Jehovah in heartfelt prayer. (Eph. 6:18) In our prayers, we often ask for Jehovah's help and guidance, perhaps to cope with a difficult situation, to gain wisdom to make good decisions, or to forgive us for past mistakes. (Ps. 95:2) Hence, we do well to ask ourselves from time to time, 'Do my prayers consist mainly of petitions, rather than of expressions of thanks to Jehovah?'

16 Show your appreciation by giving and receiving. Jesus said that there is more happiness in giving than there is in receiving. (Acts 20:35) Thus, showing generosity not only by words but also by deeds will result in greater satisfaction, appreciation, and friendship.

17 One way to show our appreciation for all that Jehovah has done for us is to offer our bodies as a living sacrifice to him. (Read Romans 12:1) This means that we must continue to give Jehovah our whole life and all that we have, using our mind and strength to do what pleases him.

18 Because we are grateful for all that Jehovah has done for us, we are willing to sacrifice our life for him.

15. How can we show our appreciation for Jehovah by rejecting "foolishness"?

16. Why should we show appreciation by being generous?

17-18. How can we show our appreciation to Jehovah by our actions? (Romans 12:1)

10 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

(Ps. 1:2, 3; 2 Cor. 8:4; Heb. 10:24, 25; 13:15) We demonstrate our appreciation for all that Jehovah has done by doing all we can to serve him to the best of our ability. - Col. 3:23, 24.

By meditating on all that Jehovah has done for us in the past and is doing for us now, we will deepen our appreciation for him. Let us be determined to show appreciation by our words and deeds to others, and especially to Jehovah, and we will be richly blessed by our appreciative God, now and forever. - Ps. 106:1; Heb. 11:6.

19 We have good reasons to be thankful, even though we live in an unthankful world.

PAGE 8: A sister has had a very bad day, but she reflects on blessings she has received from Jehovah, including comfort from scriptures.

19. Why are you determined to cultivate a thankful spirit?

How Can You Cope?

■ Why should you be thankful?

▪ How can you cultivate gratitude?

■ How can you show that you are grateful?

SING 139 See Yourself in the New World

December 14 to 20, 2026

SING 143 Keep on the Watch, Watching, and Hoping

This article will help us to appreciate the privilege we have to share in three of the miracles that Jehovah is performing in our day.

Appreciate Jehovah's Wonderful Work in Our Time

By this all will know that you obey me". - John 13:35.

IF YOU had been present when Jehovah parted the Red Sea and led the Israelites out of Egypt, or when Jesus performed miracles of healing and even raising the dead, you would no doubt have been impressed and thrilled. These are just a few of the many miracles recorded in the Bible.

2 In this article, we will consider three "wonders" that Jehovah is accomplishing in our day, and we will see how we can be "God's fellow workers" as he makes his wonderful works possible. - Read 1 Corinthians 3:9.

The Way We Grow Is Wise

3 The prophet Isaiah long ago foretold that Jehovah's people would increase in number in our day. (Read Isaiah 60:22.) Has this prophecy come true?

1-2. (a) What are some of the miracles recorded in the Bible? (b) What is a miracle, and what will we consider in this article? (1 Corinthians 3:9)

3. Why can we say that Jehovah's people have become "a mighty nation"? (Isaiah 60:22) (See also pictures.)

12

Since 1914, Jehovah has glorified his people in a marvelous way (See paragraph 3)

Debt 2026 More than 9,000,000 people

Debt 1914 Approximately 5,000 people

Never before in history have so many people come to know and love Jehovah and are serving him in 240 lands around the globe. While we may not be partial to other religions, the growth foretold in God's Word has certainly come true. Yes, "the small one" has become "a mighty nation".

4 Unlike many religions that baptize infants in order to increase the number of their members, we do not tolerate any form of promiscuity in order to increase the number of our members; rather, we have studied the Bible and have made changes in our life in harmony with what we have learned. In time, we dedicated our lives to Jehovah by water baptism, making a solemn promise to do his will no matter what. - Matt. 28:19, 20.

5 The growth that has taken place is miraculous because it is possible only through Jehovah. To make disciples, Jesus said: "If anyone wants to come after me, let him disown himself and pick up his torture stake and continually follow me".

4. Why is the growth remarkable?

5. What warning did Jesus give his followers?

What is the name of the song?

Growth Despite Persecution

Despite fierce persecution during World War II, the number of Jehovah's Witnesses increased dramatically.

Consider the situation in the Netherlands at that time. The 1986 Yearbook reported: Although some Witnesses were arrested, put in prisons and concentration camps, and some were killed, within two years their number had more than doubled to 1,379 in 1943. . . .

But when they brought them before the Sanhedrin to deliberate, the Pharisees said, "Don't bother these men; they will be overthrown if their plan or work is from man. But if it is from God, you cannot overthrow them. You may even find yourselves fighting against God". (Acts 6:7) In spite of persecution and opposition, God's people were able to endure and to grow spiritually. - Acts 1:8.

(Matt. 10:17, 18) He also warned that his followers would face intense persecution from religious leaders (John 16:2) and that even family opposition would result. - Matt. 10:34-36.

6 Shortly after Jesus' return to heaven, the first-century Christians were severely persecuted, as Jesus had foretold.

(Matt. 16:24) They do so because of their love for Jehovah and their faith in his promise to care for them, and Jehovah gives them "power beyond what is normal". (2 Cor. 4:7-9) Even if family members oppose them, they feel as did the psalmist who wrote: "In case my own father and my own mother did leave me, even Jehovah himself would take me up". (Ps. 27:10) The growth and expansion of the Christian congregation in spite of intense persecution is truly a miracle.

6. What enabled the early Christians to increase despite persecution?

How do Jesus' followers today imitate the first-century Christians? (See the box "They Did Not Give Up Even Under Persecution".)

14 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

8 Each time we share in some aspect of the Kingdom-preaching work, we are working along with Jehovah and his Son, who are backing us in this marvelous work, just as Jesus promised: "I am with you all the days until the conclusion of the system of things". (Matt. 28:20) Moreover, we have angelic backing. - Rev. 14:6, 7.

Who among us is not wise?

9 The prophet Micah was inspired to foretell that God's people would enjoy a remarkable unity in our day. (Read Micah 2:12.) This prophecy is undergoing fulfillment today.

10 Today, we enjoy unity in many ways. For example, at our meetings, assemblies, and conventions, we receive the same spiritual food. Around the world, Witnesses of different nationalities and backgrounds work together in construction projects and at branch offices. Never before in history have so many people from so many nations and cultures been united in thought and action.

11 Our unity is remarkable because in contrast with the divided and disunited world in which we live, we regularly hear about conflicts, revolts, and rebellions in the news, and this is not surprising, since the Bible foretold that people would be "disloyal, . . . disagreeable, slanderers, without self-control, fierce, without love of goodness, betrayers, headstrong, puffed up with pride". (2 Tim. 3:1-5, 13) The apostle Paul wrote: "The world is passing away and so is its desire". (Rev. 3:2-4) Even though the entire world is lying in the power of the wicked one [and his demons], we continue to serve Jehovah as one family. (1 John 5:19; Rev. 12:9) This too is a miracle!

12 How can we contribute to the unity of Jehovah's people today? By accepting and applying what Jehovah teaches us. Bible instruction has helped us to cultivate a spirit of mildness, patience, forgiveness, peace of mind, and kindness. (Eph. 4:2, 31, 32) When we overlook a wrong, avoid a bad word, or forgive someone who has offended us, we are doing ourselves a favor.

8. How do we each contribute to the marvelous growth that is taking place?

9-10. How is Micah 2:12 being fulfilled today?

11. Why can our unity be described as a miracle?

12. What can we do to promote unity among God's people?

What does the Bible say?

God's people have a deep love for one another and for their neighbors

(See also paragraph 14)

to support the wonderful work that Jehovah is accomplishing through his organization today.

The Love We Have Is Not Unrequited

13 Jesus said that his followers would be identified by their love for one another. (Read John 13:35.) This love was evident among first-century Christians. For example, they shared material possessions with those in need. (Acts 2:44, 45) They helped those who were persecuted. (Acts 12:5) They cared for orphans and widows. (Jas. 1:27) And even though they were poor, they sent gifts to help others. and they will die for each other.

14 Like the first-century Christians, God's people today demonstrate their love for one another by sharing in the preaching work with those who do not share our faith. This is in harmony with the apostle Paul's counsel: "Speak consolingly to the depressed souls, support the weak, be patient with all". (1 Thess. 5:14) Jehovah has drawn us into a worldwide brotherhood of genuine Christians who love one another and their neighbors.

15 The love that God's people have for one another is remarkable because we live in a world that is filled with selfishness.

* For example, see the article "Jehovah's Love Has Been Revealed to Us" on jw.org.

13. How did the early Christians show love for one another? (John 13:35)

14. In what ways have God's people shown love in modern times? (See also pictures.)

15. Why can it be said that the love among Jehovah's people is a miracle?

16

What Does It Mean?

(2 Tim. 3:2-4) Jesus foretold that there would be betrayal and hatred, and that many people would have little love. - Matt. 24:10, 12.

16 We show love for our brothers and sisters by sincerely commending them for their fine qualities and by striving to maintain peaceful relations with them. (Mark 9:50) By showing love for our brothers and sisters in our speech and in our actions every day, we give evidence that we are part of the true Christian congregation.

Please see the accompanying brochure.

17 The growth, unity, and love that we see in the world today are proof that it is "nothing short of a miracle" that Jehovah is performing in our time. We are growing despite the opposition of many. Many things divide people, but we are united. And despite the world's lack of love, our love for God and our love for one another clearly identifies us as Christ's true disciples. (John 13:34) As "God's fellow workers", we are contributing to the fulfillment of this wonderful work in our day. - 1 Cor. 3:9.

18 In today's troubled world, we are impressed by the growth, unity, and love that result from God's discipline, and we have reason to be confident that Jehovah will fulfill his promises for the future. (2 Pet. 3:13) May we always cherish our part in the wonderful work that Jehovah is accomplishing today.

16. How can we show love for one another?

17. Why are you convinced that Jehovah is performing miracles today?

18. How should we feel about Jehovah's marvelous works in our day?

HOW CAN YOU Cope with such pressures?

■ How we are growing

■ Unity among us

■ Our love for one another

LISTEN to the following song.

Love That Does Not Fail

What is the meaning of the name Jehovah?

LIST 135 Jehovah's Kindly Invitation: "Be wise, my son, and hear my words".

This article will help young ones to see how choosing good friends can help them to remain loyal to Jehovah.

Good Friends Help Us to Remain Steadfast

And if someone can overpower the one alone, two together will be able to resist him.

WE ALL want to be loyal servants of Jehovah, but this is not easy because the world tries to distance us from him. We need to guard against being influenced by the world's distorted view of friendship. For example, how do Jehovah and Jesus feel about friendship, when many youths, thinking that they are the only ones who understand, look to their peers for advice and comfort?

Shortly before his death, Jesus said to his faithful apostles: "You are the ones that have stuck with me in my trials". Jesus considered them to be his friends. (Luke 22:28; John 15:15) True friends are there for us not only when things are going well but also when they are not going well.

* Although this verse is usually applied to marriage, it applies primarily to friendship.

2. (a) What kind of friends did Jesus choose? (b) According to Ecclesiastes 4:9-12, how can we benefit from good friends?

18

Such friends will help us to cope with any trials that may come our way. When you worship Jehovah together with your friends, they will help you to do more for Jehovah and will help you to have a lasting friendship with them.

3 How can good friends help young ones to be loyal to Jehovah, and how can parents and other faithful Christians help young ones to be loyal to Jehovah?

True love moves us to serve Jehovah

4 Daniel grew up during a time when Judah was largely unfaithful to Jehovah, so in 620 B.C.E., Jehovah allowed King Nebuchadnezzar of Babylon to invade the land of Judah.

(Dan. 1:8) How did Daniel come to be "determined in his heart" to obey God's law, and who likely influenced his decision to serve God during his early childhood? - Dan. 6:6, 7.

(Jer. 1:2) Jeremiah regularly shared Jehovah's message with members of the royal family and other prominent people, possibly including Daniel's family. (Jer. 1:17, 18; Dan. 1:3, 6) We cannot be sure that Jeremiah and Daniel were close friends. (Deut. 25:11; 29:10; Dan. 9:1, 2) Jeremiah's brother certainly taught Daniel to be courageous and to be loyal to Jehovah in an ungodly society.

7 We can be sure that Daniel was influenced by his parents, the prophet Jeremiah, and other faithful servants of God.

8 Parents today can likewise have a positive influence on their children.

3. What will we consider in this article?

4. What privileges did Daniel have as a teenager?

Who may have helped Daniel to make a dedication to Jehovah?

7-8. How can parents and other experienced Christians help young ones to be loyal to Jehovah?

19 OCTOBER 2026 What is the future of the earth?

How can you help your children to develop a heartfelt love for Jehovah and trust in him? By regularly teaching them about Jehovah, helping them to develop their confidence in him, and working with them in the ministry.

Loving God Prepares Us to Cope With Trials

9 When Daniel and the other young Hebrews were taken captive, their faith was tested in a way that was unlike anything they had experienced back in their homeland.

10 At first, the challenge may have seemed trivial, but the king's edict demanded that Daniel and the other captive youths be given the king's diet, which included foods that were unclean according to the Mosaic Law (Dan. 1:5, 8).

9. What test did Daniel and four other Hebrew youths face?

10. What was the first test faced by the Hebrew youths?

Or what if the king's anger were kindled against them? Or what if the king's anger were kindled against them?

11 Of all the Hebrew youths chosen for training, only Daniel, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego are mentioned in the Scriptures as being loyal to Jehovah.

12 If you are a young person, do your peers sometimes pressure you to do what is wrong? Daniel and his friends helped each other to do what was right. Like them, make friends with those who are determined to be loyal to Jehovah and to reject the world's influence. (1 John 2:15-17) True friends will help you to be faithful even in small things, and Jehovah will bless and strengthen you. (Luke 16:10) And being faithful in small things will help you to be faithful when you face a more difficult test.

Loving words help us to cope with distressing situations

13 Good friendships help one another to cope with difficult situations. Consider the challenge that Daniel and his friends faced after King Nebuchadnezzar had a disturbing dream and wanted to know what it meant.

11. What shows that Daniel had good friends? (See also opening picture.)

12. What will help young ones to maintain integrity when they face tests of integrity?

13. What challenges did Daniel and his three companions face?

20 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

Then came in the wise men of Babylon, and the scribes; but they could not make known unto the king the dream, neither could they interpret it. And the king's commandment was that they should be put to death; and they were found with the wise men, that they should be put to death.

(Dan. 2:18) Jehovah answered their prayers by revealing to Daniel the dream and its meaning, thus saving both Daniel and his friends from execution and promoting them to high positions in the kingdom. - Dan. 2:19, 47-49.

14. (a) How did the four Hebrews help one another? (b) How did the four Hebrews help one another?

15 There are two important lessons that we can learn from this experience: First, do not try to cope with your problems alone; second, do not let pride or embarrassment prevent you from asking for help; and third, be willing to ask others to pray in your behalf. (2 Cor. 1:11) Be confident of the effectiveness of such prayers; the "Hearer of prayer" will help you to cope with any situation, no matter how difficult it may seem to be. - Ps. 65:2; 3:20.

What a powerful force to be reckoned with in these difficult times!

16 Jehovah is a loyal Friend who will come to our aid in times of distress. Daniel may have been in his 90's when Babylon was ruled by the Medes and the Persians, and he may have served in the court of King Darius.

15. What lessons can we learn from the account of Daniel and his friends? (Galatians 6:2)

16. What trials came upon Daniel in his old age?

How did Daniel's friends help him when he was in trouble? (See paragraph 14)

God never abandons his friends (See paragraph 18)

Then the king's messengers came to Daniel, and said to him, Daniel, thou art the king's son, and thou shalt have dominion over all the kingdoms of the earth.

17 Daniel's miraculous deliverance from the lions' pit is recorded at Daniel 6:19-23. (Read.) When Daniel was in the lions' pit for the first time in his life, the strongest Friend anyone could have was Jehovah God.

18 Under certain circumstances, you may have to isolate yourself from friends and family

17. According to Daniel 6:19-23, how did Daniel's close relationship with Jehovah benefit him?

(See pictures and the box "Jehovah - Our Father, Our God, and Our Friend".)

If that happens to you, remember that God never abandons those who are close to him, and he will protect and care for you wherever you are. - Ps. 139:7-10.

When Will We Be Together Again?

(Read 1 Thessalonians 5:2, 11.) After writing that "the end of all things has drawn near", the apostle Peter said: "Above all things, have intense love for one another". - 1 Peter 4:7, 8.

20 True friends are a gift from Jehovah, and we need them now more than ever

19. Why is it vital that we have wholesome associations now? (1 Thessalonians 5:2, 11)

20. (a) What kind of friends do you want to have? (b) How can good friends help you?

22 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

(Heb. 13:5) With Jehovah's help, we can endure trials and maintain friendships that will last forever. - Ps. 133:1-3.

COVER: Daniel and his friends helped each other to endure trials and remain faithful to Jehovah.

Jehovah - Our Father, Our God, and Our Friend

If you find it difficult to view Jehovah as a Father or as a Person you can trust, why not take the following steps each day to draw closer to him?

● Talk to Jehovah: Pray to him regularly; he wants you to tell him how you feel.

● Worship Jehovah: Do this by regularly reading the Bible and getting to know his qualities and ways.

● Be patient: It takes time for two people to develop trust and a close friendship. Be assured that Jehovah wants you to have a close relationship with him.

For more information on this subject, see the article "How Can I Become God's Friend?" on jw.org.

How God's Love for His Children Affects Us

■ when faced with temptations?

■ when we face serious problems?

■ by isolating ourselves?

SING 161 I Delight to Do Your Will

This article is part of our special coverage of the Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc.

SING 162 Satisfying My Spiritual Needs

This article encourages us to consider the daily text and offers practical suggestions on how we can do so.

Examine the Scriptures Daily

They received the word with the greatest eagerness of mind, carefully examining the Scriptures daily. - ACTS 17:11.

IN THE year 1905, Jehovah's organization began publishing a Bible text and commentary taken from Zion's Watch Tower for each day of the year, which would later be included in the Yearbook of Jehovah's Witnesses until 1927.* Each year, the brothers and sisters were given more Bible texts and commentaries to meditate on.

2 Since 1986, the daily text has been published in the booklet Examining the Scriptures Daily, which is now available in more than 300 languages.In addition, the daily text can be found on the JW Library® application, the Watchtower ONLINE LIBRARY (www.jw.org), and the Watchtower Library if you have access to their software.

3 Because of our busy schedules, some of us find it difficult to discuss the daily text.

* In those languages in which the Yearbook was not available at that time, the daily text and its discussion were published in The Watchtower.

1-2. (a) How has Jehovah's organization helped Christians to examine the daily text? (b) What tools are available to help us to examine the daily text?

24

What Bible example encourages us to examine the Scriptures daily, and why and how should we do so?

From our archives

4 When Paul preached to the Jews in Beroea, their attitude was reflected in the theme text of this article. (Read Acts 17:10, 11.) In this way you know that what you have been taught is true.

5 Many "discreet" Beroeans became believers. (Acts 17:12) However, some Jews from Thessalonica came to Beroea to incite the people to rebel against Paul's teachings. (Acts 17:13) However, these new believers were not intimidated.

4. What attitude did the Beroeans display when Paul preached to them? (Acts 17:10, 11)

5. How did examining the Scriptures daily benefit the Beroeans?

Bible Examples That Prove Jehovah Wants Us to Worship Him Every Day

• Priests under the Mosaic Law were required to offer sacrifices daily. - Exodus 29:38-42; 30:7, 8.

• Jehovah told Joshua to read the Law in an undertone day and night. - Josh. 1:8, footnote.

• Jehovah commanded Israel's kings to make a copy of the Law and read it daily. - Deuteronomy 17:18-20.

• The psalmist urges us to delight in God's law and to read in it day and night. - Ps. 1:1-3.

• Daniel was a man of prayer, praying three times a day. - Dan. 6:10.

• In the book of Revelation, the great crowd is depicted as rendering God sacred service day and night. - Rev. 7:15.

Why Do We Need to Examine the Scriptures Daily?

6 We study the Scriptures daily because they focus our attention on Jehovah and his worship. Jehovah is our God, and he deserves our daily devotion. He loves us and wants us to have everlasting life.

(See the box "Bible Examples Proving That Jehovah Wants Us to Serve Him Daily".)

What does the Bible say?

Examining the Scriptures daily also gives them the opportunity to pray, read the Bible, and meditate on it.

7 We study the Scriptures every day because we are using our time wisely. (Read Ephesians 5:15, 16.)

8 As Jesus said, "each day has enough trouble of its own". (Matt. 6:34) Although we face problems every day, Jesus assures us that Jehovah is fully aware of our circumstances and needs. (Matt. 6:25-32) Examining the Scriptures helps us to focus on Jehovah's help rather than on our own problems. (1 Pet. 5:6, 7) A young sister who was troubled by past sins and doubted that Jehovah had forgiven her prayed to Jehovah and asked for assurance that he had forgiven her and then read the daily text, Psalm 86:5: "O Jehovah, you are good and ready to forgive; and the loving-kindness to all those calling upon you is abundant".

7-8. What other reasons do we have for examining the Scriptures daily? (Ephesians 5:15, 16)

9 Our daily text has repeatedly reminded us to "trust in Jehovah" in times of distress. (Prov. 3:5, 6) For example, on the day of Russia's invasion of Ukraine, we read Isaiah 30:15, which says: "In quietness and in trust you will find your strength". Svitlana says: "Isaiah 30:15 has become very important to us, and we meditate on that scripture when there is a threat of violence in our neighborhood".

10 Examining the Scriptures daily helps us to strengthen our resolve to maintain our integrity. We need courage to resist pressure from schoolmates and workmates, to share Bible truth with others, and to stand firm against persecution. When Jehovah appointed Joshua to lead Israel, he was told three times to be courageous and strong. To do this, Jehovah told Joshua to read the Book of the Law daily. (Read Joshua 1:6-9.)

9. How will the day's text benefit our brothers in Ukraine?

10. (a) Why do we need courage? (b) How can we acquire it? (Josh. 1:6-9) (See also pictures.)

26 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

Examining the Scriptures daily can help us to remain courageous (See paragraph 10)

11 To help us make spiritual advancement, we also examine the Scriptures daily. When Timothy was a young man, Paul wrote to him: "Continue to be an example to all, that your advancement may be manifest, not only in speech, but also in conduct, and love, and faith, and chasteness". (1 Tim. 4:12, 15) By considering the scripture text for each day, we have the opportunity to meditate on specific areas in which we need to make spiritual advancement, allowing Jehovah's spirit to guide our thinking, actions, and attitudes. - Rom. 8:5, 6.

12 We study the Scriptures daily because it prepares us for future responsibilities. There is a need for young, mature brothers and sisters to support the many activities taking place in Jehovah's organization, such as pioneering, missionary work, Bethel service, translation work, and volunteer construction work. (Deut. 1:13-15) Examining the Scriptures daily will help you to understand Bible principles and prepare you to take on responsibilities.

HOW CAN YOU MAKE the Scriptures work for you?

13 How can you consider the daily text? The Bethel families around the world begin the day with a brief, heartfelt prayer followed by a consideration of the day's text.

11. How can examining the Scriptures daily help us to make spiritual progress?

12. What privileges are needed in the organization for young people, and how can we prepare for such privileges?

13. In what ways can you consider the daily text?

What is the Bible's view of marriage?

How can you avoid distractions by considering the daily text? (See paragraph 18)

(Jas. 1:5) Then, read the scripture and its context, and ask yourself these questions: How can this scripture help me to strengthen my faith? What does it teach me about Jehovah that will draw me closer to him? How can it help me to cope with problems that may arise in my life today? When discussing the day's text with a family member or a friend, you may be able to use it to encourage one another.

14 What else can you do to benefit more fully from considering the daily text? You might try the following: (1) Highlight and meditate on the key words found in the footnotes that accompany the scriptures. (2) Read the short scriptures that are cited in the footnote. (3) Read the entire Bible chapter from which the day's text is found. (4) Search in the Research Guide for Jehovah's Witnesses.

If you are using a mobile device, you can find the study article by checking the box at the end of the discussion.*

15 Sister Mackenzie, who is 19 years old, gave this advice about her diligent study of the Scriptures: If I take an extra minute, even if it is just five minutes, and patiently read the scripture and reflect on its explanation, I can easily recall what I have just studied.

16 When should the Scriptural discussion take place? Some have chosen a convenient time to discuss the Scriptures, such as before or after breakfast, before or after taking their children to school, on the day's program, such as in the booklet Examining the Scriptures Daily, on the table, or on a screen so that the children do not fall asleep; but if an unexpected situation arises, you may need to be willing to reschedule.

17 It is good to set aside time for Bible study

* The box indicates the issue of The Watchtower in which the article appears, the month in which it appeared, and the page or chapter from which the information was taken.

16. What is the best time to consider the daily text?

17-18. Why is it important to set aside time to study the Scriptures, and what will help you to do this daily? (See also pictures.)

14-15. What are some practical suggestions, and what can help us to keep the daily text in mind?

28 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

Otherwise, you may forget to do it. "If you don't make it a priority to study the Bible", says 16-year-old John, "it's just going to wear you down". Sister Sierra, 25, says: "The first thing I do after I study is to look up scriptures before I start the day's important decisions".

Avoid distractions. Isabelle, 19, says: Make it a point not to do anything else or to look at your cell phone until you have finished your Scriptural discussion. If you notice that your mind is distracted while you are studying the Scriptures over the phone, use the booklet to do so before you pick up your phone. Olivia, 19, says: It helps me to read the scripture each day with my family or friends. Having someone to remind you of it or sharing it with you makes it easier to do it every day.

Examining the Scriptures Each Day

19 Parents, by having a family discussion of the day's text every day, you can help your children to form a routine that will help them as they grow into adults. Even if your children are too young to understand the day's text, such a routine will help them in the long run. Just as a sapling grows into a mature tree by being watered, so your children will grow spiritually strong by taking time each day to discuss the day's text with you. - Read Philippians 1:9, 10.

20 Jesus said: "Man must live, not on bread alone, but on every utterance coming forth through Jehovah's mouth". (Matt. 4:4) We do not want a day to go by without eating, but how much more important is it that we do not allow a day to go by without considering the Scriptures, which are our life-sustaining spiritual food!

19. Why is it important for parents to help their children to discuss the Scriptures daily? Give an example. - Philippians 1:9, 10.

20. How important is spiritual food?

How Can You Cope?

□ What reasons do we have for considering the day's text daily?

□ How can we make our study of the Scriptures effective?

▪ What suggestions in this article will help you to examine the Scriptures daily?

LISTEN to the following song.

Appreciation for God's Word

Building Faith in What Is Sure

WHEN you began to study the Bible with Jehovah's Witnesses, what convinced you that you had found "the oneness of the faith", or the way that God wants us to worship him? (Eph. 4:4-6) Did the love among Jehovah's people move you to associate with them, or were you impressed by their fine conduct?

(1 Cor. 5:1) If your conviction of the truth is based solely on what others say and do, you will not have a solid foundation on which to build your faith.

What Does It Mean to Be Religious?

How can your faith be strengthened when you are convinced of the truths you have learned from God's Word?

On hearing this, many of his disciples turned back and said, "This is a hard saying.

"You do not want to leave too, do you? " Jesus asked his apostles. Peter answered", Lord, to whom shall we go? We believe and know that you have the words of eternal life. You are the Holy One of God".

We believe and know that you are the Holy One of God".

The Bible teaches us that God's name, his purpose, the ransom, and other truths are timeless, unchanging, and that no matter what others may say or do to us, they will never change.

30 From Our Readers

If we are convinced that we have learned the truth from Jehovah's organization, no one can make us stop serving Jehovah.

True, the love and fine qualities of the Christian brotherhood are a source of great encouragement, but when we are offended by the conduct of a brother, our faith in Bible truth will never waver and will help us to maintain our conviction that we are in the right company, regardless of what others may do.

By reading and studying the Bible regularly, we can strengthen our confidence in the truth of God's Word and our conviction that we are worshiping God in the right way, no matter what anyone says or does to us. - Ps. 16:8; see the box "Keep on the Way of Life".

If your faith is based only on what you hear, how can your faith stand?

Stay on the Road to Life

A journey by bus to a scenic destination can be exciting in many ways, especially since you know where you are headed.

But when you're in a boat, you may be upset by the noise of others or by the rudeness of the driver. This is the only boat that will get you where you want to go, so you just have to be patient.

In the same way, when we face trials, tribulations, and persecutions, we will not fail to stand firm in the faith and in the knowledge of the truth.

What does it mean to be a Christian?

31

Jehovah's Witnesses in the United States

This article is part of our coverage of the October 2026 issue of Jehovah's Witnesses, Vol. 147, No. 11.

In this article

1926 What Century is This? 2

Study Articles for December 7 to 13

12 Appreciate Jehovah's Miraculous Works in Our Time

Study Articles for December 21-27

24 Examining the Scriptures Daily

Build Your Faith in What Is Real and Sustainable 30

What Is the Purpose of Life?

Jehovah Rewards Those Who Exercise Faith

When Emma, a Christian sister, asked her employer for time off from her secular work at a hotel so that she could attend a convention, her employer refused and told her that if she did not work five days a week, she would have to quit. Confident in Jehovah's care, Emma chose to leave her job so that she could attend the convention.

Emma's letter of resignation was presented to the company's chief executive. The chief executive was made aware of the situation and promised to do something about it. Two weeks later, however, the chief executive fired Emma. Jehovah provided for his needs, even beyond his expectations.

This publication is not for sale. It is part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations.

Unless otherwise indicated, Scripture quotations are from the modern-language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) October 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania. It is free and open to the public.

Go to jw.org, or scan this code on your mobile device

What is the purpose of JW.ORG®?

w26.10-EW