OCT. 2026

What Does It Mean?

It Affects Jehovah's Sovereignty

What does this mean for us?

It's just that I don't know what I'm doing.

1926

The Last Hundred Years

THE January 1, 1926, issue of The Watchtower stated: "God will soon vindicate his sovereignty. . . .

In 1926, when Jehovah through the Head of the congregation, Jesus Christ, made it clear that the preaching work was to take first place in the lives of Christians, the faithful and discreet slave class began publishing information in the form of publications, organizing meetings in an organized way, and giving the brothers clear direction on how to identify themselves as Christians (Matt. 24:45).

They WORK FOR THE PEOPLE, and they WORK WITH THE WORKERS

In April, The Golden Age (now Awake!) announced the release of the book Deliverance, which would replace Studies in the Scriptures. To meet the demand for literature, the Bethel family purchased a new typewriter that could print up to 22 volumes of the book in one minute.

The Bible Students had for decades studied the book Studies in the Scriptures, but beginning in May 1926, they began to study The Watch Tower.

A letter from the Little Bunker Hill Congregation in Illinois addressed to Brother Rutherford said: "The Little Bunker Hill Congregation sends its warm greetings to you for the weekly study of the material directed to us by Jehovah's organization.

For example, an article in The Watchtower explained that while it is good to be courteous, polite, and respectful toward others, we should not neglect the more important aspects of our preaching work. It stated: "If you love the Lord, you will obey his commandments. Jehovah says: 'You are my witnesses, and I am your God.'

Emphasizing that true Christians demonstrate their love for God by rendering him whole-souled service, that article encouraged the Bible Students to preach "day and night". - Isa. 43:10, 12; Matt. 24:14.

Within a few weeks, the July 15, 1926, issue of The Watch Tower contained a letter from a congregation that stated:

2 What Does It Mean?

The letter also stated: "Now that we all have the opportunity to participate in the study, it is a blessing to our congregation".

WORKING WITH PEOPLE, and encouraging them to share in the preaching work

At the end of May, hundreds of Bible Students attended a convention in London, England, because of a general strike in Britain and the difficulty of finding a printing company to supply the printing presses.

On Saturday, May 29, the first public presentation of the booklet was held, and on that day the convention program encouraged the delegates: "Every baptized delegate has the privilege of sharing the good news of Jesus and the Kingdom with his neighbors.

The July 15, 1926, issue of The Watch Tower reported: "The brothers were delighted to hear Jehovah's voice proclaiming the good news of the Kingdom and to know that they were Jehovah's witnesses".

The next day, Brother Rutherford gave a talk in the Royal Albert Hall entitled "Why the World's Powers Have Declined - The Solution".

In his talk, Brother Rutherford explained that the rulers of the world had failed because they had rejected Jehovah and his Kingdom and denounced the League of Nations, asserting that it would soon cease to exist.

Preaching the Good News in India

When Brother Rutherford returned to Sheffield after the convention, he told Edwin Skinner, a pioneer from Sheffield, England, that he had arranged to meet him in London.

Brother Skinner continued: "The next day, I went to London, and while I was on my way, I decided that if I wanted to serve in a foreign country, I would have to go to the United States.

A. the book Deliverance

B. Alexandra Palace, located in London

D. The Royal Albert Hall, located in London

Deliverance is near!

A

B

D

E. George Wright (left) and Edwin Skinner while serving in India

By George Draper

E

What is it?

When he finally arrived, Brother Rutherford asked him: "If we were to go to India, would you be willing to go?" Edwin replied: "When would you like me to go?"

Three weeks later, in July, Edwin Skinner and George Wright sailed for India, where Brother Skinner served at Bethel, overseeing the work in that country as well as in Afghanistan, Burma (Myanmar), Ceylon (Sri Lanka), and Persia (Iran). Brother Skinner remained in India for 64 years, until he finished his earthly course in 1990.

SCIENTISTS are spreading the word

From about 1894, the organization sent representatives of the Watch Tower Society to visit the homes of the Bible Students, as traveling overseers do today. In July 1926, the schedule was changed from one day to two days, with the goal of 100 hours a month in the ministry.

George Draper, who served as a traveling overseer for many years, wrote to the congregation: "Jehovah's people are like guard dogs, and we should warn people of the danger that is coming. [Isa. 56:10] To help us do that, we have the Watchtower Study, and that is our main goal.

Our work in New York City

At the last convention of that year, held in New York City from October 14-18, 1926, Brother Rutherford was scheduled to speak on the theme "The Great World War Is At Hand".

On Friday, October 15, Brother R. J. Martin released a new pamphlet entitled Against the People, designed to expose the Corporation's fraud and to advertise Brother Rutherford's public lectures. By the end of the day, 300,000 had been distributed.

On the weekend, more were placed, reaching a peak of 1,000,000, in addition to the 3,783 copies of the book Deliverance and 35,140 booklets.

On Sunday, October 17, at three o'clock in the afternoon, some 12,000 listened to Brother Rutherford's talk.

4 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

F. Newspaper advertising Brother Rutherford's talk entitled "The Great War Is At Hand"

G. The assembly at Madison Square Garden, New York, in October 1926

More than 9,000 were present; never before had so many books been distributed at such a convention.

A DANCE was held at 117 ADAMS STREET

For decades, a printery had been located at 18 Concord Street, but it had become too small for the growing needs of the workforce, so the brothers purchased a plot of land on Adams Street and began to build a large, eight-story building nearby to accommodate the expanding printery.

To help prepare the brothers for future expansion, construction of a building at 117 Adams Street was to begin in 1927.

Printing plant located at 117 Adams Street, Brooklyn, New York

What is the Bible's view of marriage?

What is the meaning of the word "revelation" in the Bible?

What is the meaning of Psalm 46?

Thank You, Jehovah

What Does the Bible Really Teach?

Why and how we should strive to show appreciation.

Maintain an Attitude of Appreciation

"Show yourselves thankful". - COL. 3:15.

EVERY night before he went to bed, he would ask one of his caregivers to get up from his bed, kneel in front of him, and offer a prayer, and then he would express his gratitude to Jehovah for those who had touched his heart. One caregiver recalled: "Despite the limitations of old age and illness, John always had a cheerful disposition and never complained.

2 Sadly, as foretold in the Bible, many people today lack the spirit of gratitude. (2 Tim. 3:1, 2) For example, some people are ungrateful, feeling that they are not obligated to show gratitude, or being ungrateful.

3 As Jehovah's servants, we do not want to imitate the unthankful world in which we live.

* The name has been changed.

1. What can you learn from John's experience? (See also pictures.)

2. How do many conduct themselves today?

3. What will we consider in this article?

6

When we show appreciation for what others have done for us, we become happier and more satisfied (See paragraph 1)

To help us do so, let us consider the answers to these three questions: (1) Why should we show appreciation? (2) How can we cultivate and grow in appreciation? (3) What practical steps can we take to show appreciation?

Why should we be happy?

(Prov. 15:15) All of us face discouragement from time to time because of circumstances that we may not be able to control or control, but we can control how we deal with them.

4. What can result from a lack of gratitude?

The last part of Proverbs 15:15 states: "A cheerful heart has a continual feast. . . . A cheerful heart is one that is thankful for the good things in life, even when faced with adversity, rather than dwelling on the negative aspects of life. . . .

6 Read Philippians 4:6, 7. When we pray to Jehovah and thank him for his goodness to us, we avoid being overwhelmed by anxiety. Why? Because a grateful heart will help us to focus on what Jehovah is doing for us now rather than on what may happen in the future.

5. Why does gratitude contribute to happiness?

(Philippians 4:6, 7) What does it mean to have peace of mind?

How can we do this?

Take time each day to reflect on how Jehovah has blessed you (See paragraphs 9-10)

(Matt. 6:25-34) Moreover, when we express our distress to Jehovah in prayer and pour out our hearts to him in gratitude, he gives us "the peace of God".

7 Our heartfelt gratitude draws us closer to Jehovah, who has given us all the good things we have. (Read James 1:17) He has given us many gifts - including the ransom and the hope of everlasting life - not because we deserve them but because he loves us so much. (Rom. 3:24; Eph. 2:8) As we appreciate Jehovah's loving care for us and all the good things he has done for us, we grow in our love for him and are drawn closer to him.

What can we do to increase our joy?

8 Think about how Jehovah has blessed you in the past. Perhaps you have faced trials, such as the loss of a loved one, a serious illness, or persecution because of your faith. What has helped you to endure each of these trials? When you look back, you realize that you could not have endured without Jehovah's help. (Read 2 Corinthians 4:7.)

9 Meditate on Jehovah's blessings: "In connection with everything give thanks". (1 Thess. 5:18) Take time each day to reflect on the blessings you have, whether you want to do so in the morning to meditate on something during the day or in the evening when you can go to bed with less anxiety (Ps. 92:1, 2) By meditating on the good things that Jehovah has done for you, you can imitate John, quoted at the outset of this article.

7. What effect does gratitude have on our relationship with Jehovah? (James 1:17)

8. What does meditating on Jehovah's goodness do for us? (2 Corinthians 4:7)

9-10. What are some of the good things that Jehovah does for you each day? (See also pictures.)

8 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

10 First, reflect on what Jehovah has done for you that day. (Ps. 40:5) Reflect on the spiritual blessings you have received from Jehovah, such as the comfort you receive from his Word, Bible-based publications, videos, and JW Broadcasting. (Ps. 65:2; Matt. 24:45; Rom. 15:4) Then reflect on the physical blessings you have received from him, such as the beauty of the sunset, the deliciousness of the food you eat, and the abundance of loving companionship you enjoy. (Acts 17:25) What other blessings from Jehovah are you grateful for? - Eph. 5:20.

11 Try to meditate on the many blessings you have received because you are part of a large family of spiritual brothers and sisters. (Ps. 133:1; Prov. 18:24) Perhaps you have experienced a heartfelt expression of support or a comforting thought from a fellow believer. (Prov. 12:25; 16:24) Even the smallest acts of kindness from our Christian brothers and sisters are blessings from Jehovah, and we should thank him for them. So she rushed over to me, put her arms around my neck, and sang a song with me. This made my love for the brothers grow even stronger.

12 As we meditate on what Jehovah has already done for you and continues to do for you, our heartfelt appreciation grows. As mentioned earlier, our appreciation should be expressed, not simply by feeling grateful, but by expressing our gratitude.

What is the key to a happy life?

13 Consider some practical ways in which we can show our gratitude. Consider the context in which this article is based. After the apostle Paul gave his counsel on showing gratitude, he wrote: "Whatever it is that you do in word or in work, do all things in the name of the Lord Jesus, giving thanks to God the Father through him". (Col. 3:15, 17) Clearly, both words and deeds of gratitude go hand in hand. Let us consider some ways in which we can show appreciation for what others do for us, whether by word or by deed.

14 By your words and deeds, show that you are grateful for what others do for you. Make it a practice to express gratitude for even small things, such as a door opening, a word of encouragement, or a commendation.

11-12. What blessing does Jehovah provide through our Christian fellowship?

13. How can we show appreciation for what others do for us?

14. (See also pictures.) (b) How can we show appreciation to others?

9 OCT. 2026

How can we show appreciation in word and deed? (See paragraph 14)

(1 Thess. 5:12, 13) Of course, you should also commend the wives of elders for their willingness to make sacrifices so that their husbands can be a source of encouragement to the congregation.

(Eph. 6:18) In such prayers, we often ask Jehovah to give us the strength to resist temptation, the wisdom to make good decisions, the forgiveness of a sin we have committed, and the ability to meditate on the many blessings we have received from him. We do well to ask ourselves, 'Do our prayers consist of mere petitions, or do they often include expressions of thanks to Jehovah?'

15. How can we express our gratitude to Jehovah in our prayers?

16 Since we often experience the joy that comes from giving, not only when we express our appreciation in words and deeds but also when we express it in practical ways, giving gives us joy. (Acts 20:35) Moreover, giving makes others feel loved, makes them happy, and makes us more lovable.

17 When we think about all that Jehovah has done for us, we are moved to show our appreciation by offering our bodies as living sacrifices to him. (Read Romans 12:1) This means that we want to do his will with our whole mind, heart, and strength.

16. Why should we take positive action to show appreciation?

17-18. How can we show Jehovah that we appreciate what he has done for us?

10 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

18 As we learn about Jehovah and all that he has done for us, our appreciation for him deepens, and we are moved to dedicate ourselves to him and to symbolize our dedication by water baptism. (Heb. 10:24, 25; 13:15) We show our appreciation for Jehovah's undeserved kindness by doing all we can to serve him. - Col. 3:23, 24.

19 Though we live in a world that lacks gratitude, we know that a grateful spirit can help us to be happier, to cope with anxiety, and above all, to draw closer to Jehovah. We fill our hearts with gratitude as we meditate on all that Jehovah has done for us and continues to do for us. If we do, we can count the blessings that our appreciative God will shower upon us now and in the future. - Ps. 106:1; Heb. 11:6.

19. Why are you determined to show appreciation?

COVER SUBJECT 7: A sister who is facing a difficult situation reflects on the blessings she has received from Jehovah, including many comforting words.

How Would You Answer?

■ Why express gratitude?

■ How can you cultivate gratitude?

■ What are some things you can do to show appreciation?

What is the meaning of Psalm 139?

Picture Yourself in the New World

What is the future of the earth?

PSALMS 143 What does it mean?

Keep Working, Keep Awake, and Keep Waiting

What Does the Bible Really Teach?

Let us consider three examples of what Jehovah has done "in a wonderful way" in our time.

12

Do Not Underestimate Your Opportunity to Be Used by Jehovah in Wonderful Ways

By this all men will know that you are my disciples". - JOHN 13:35.

THINK of what it must have been like to see Jehovah part the Red Sea so that the Israelites could cross safely, and to see Jesus heal the sick and resurrect the dead! These are just a few of the many miracles recorded in the Bible. What, though, is a miracle?

2 In this article, we will consider three of the miraculous things that Jehovah is doing among his people today, and we will see how each of these can be viewed as God's "fellow workers". - Read 1 Corinthians 3:9.

Knowledge That Makes a Difference

3 More than 2,500 years ago, the prophet Isaiah foretold the amazing growth of God's people in our day. (Read Isaiah 60:22.)

1-2. (a) What are some of the many miracles mentioned in the Bible? (b) What are miracles, and what can each of us do? (1 Corinthians 3:9)

3. Why can it be said that Jehovah's people have become a great nation? (Isaiah 60:22) (See also picture.)

Since 1914 many of Jehovah's people have grown spiritually (See paragraph 3)

More than 9,000,000 by 2026

1914 Some 5,000

Since then, that small group has grown to include more than nine million people in more than 130 lands, making it the largest group of people in history to love and serve Jehovah in more than 240 lands.

4 Unlike other large churches, we do not try to please the masses by ignoring God's standards but by studying his Word, the Bible, and applying it in our lives.

4. Why is the increase of Jehovah's people remarkable?

After making these minor adjustments, we became publishers and began inviting others to join us in true worship. In time, we dedicated ourselves to Jehovah to do his will, rain or shine, and we were baptized. - Matt. 28:19, 20.

5 The growth that has taken place is truly remarkable because Jehovah is backing it up. Jesus made it clear that becoming his disciple was not an easy task when he said: "If anyone wants to come after me, let him disown himself and pick up his torture stake and continually follow me". (John 16:2) Jesus also said that

5. What did Jesus say would happen to his disciples?

What is the future of the earth?

Hated, Yet Respected by Many

Even though Jehovah's Witnesses were persecuted during World War II, their numbers grew dramatically. "During the period of persecution", said one Nazi official, "the number of Jehovah's Witnesses grew exponentially".

The 1986 Yearbook reported: "Despite countless arrests, deportations, persecutions, and massacres, within two years the number of Kingdom publishers doubled to 1,379 in 1943 . . .

Because of the faith, families will be divided. - Matt. 10:34-36.

6 True to Jesus' prophecy, the first-century Christians faced fierce opposition. Shortly after Jesus' ascension to heaven, the Jewish religious leaders tried to stop the preaching of the disciples. They arrested the apostles and brought them before the Jewish high court, the Sanhedrin. (Acts 5:33, 34, 38, 39) Even after the apostles were released from prison, the religious opposition continued, but the faithful disciples did not give up; instead, they continued to preach and to make disciples (Acts 6:7). With God's backing, the preaching work continued to flourish despite opposition. - Acts 1:8.

(Matt. 16:24) Because of their love for Jehovah and their faith in his promise to care for them, he gives them "the power beyond what is normal". (2 Cor. 4:7-9) Similarly, when family members reject Christians because of their faith, they feel as did the psalmist who wrote: "Even if my own father and my own mother did leave me, Jehovah himself would take me up". (Ps. 27:10) The resulting spiritual growth is truly a miracle, despite the hardships and obstacles that must be overcome to become a disciple of Jesus.

6. Why were opposers unable to stop the preaching of the good news?

(See also the box "Hated by Many, Respected by Many".)

14 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

8 We can have a share in this marvelous work of spiritual gathering by sharing in the preaching work. We have the backing of Jehovah and Jesus, who promised: "I am with you all the days until the conclusion of the system of things". (Matt. 28:20) What is more, we have angelic backing. - Rev. 14:6, 7.

A Marriage That Is Unique

(Read Micah 2:12.) Today, we see evidence of the fulfillment of Micah's prophecy in the lives of many of our brothers and sisters who appreciate the meaning of the words of the psalmist David, who exclaimed: "How good and how pleasant it is for brothers to dwell together in unity!" - Ps. 133:1.

10 For example, the spiritual food we receive at our meetings, assemblies, and conventions is the same for all of us. Those who serve in Bethel homes and on international construction projects come from many lands and speak many languages. Think of it - as part of a large family, we have brothers and sisters everywhere who are ready to provide for us and to encourage us to continue serving Jehovah. Never before in history have so many people from different backgrounds, races, and languages been united in worship of Jehovah.

11 Our unity is truly remarkable when we consider that we live in a divided world. Wherever you go, you hear reports of wars, revolts, rebellions, demonstrations, riots, wars, and so forth - all evidence that the world is deeply divided. The Bible foretold that in the last days, people would be treacherous, disloyal, slanderers, without self-control, fierce, without love of goodness, betrayers, disobedient, and headstrong. (Rev. 3:2-4) Despite the fact that the entire world is lying in the power of the wicked one and that Satan and his demons are constantly opposing us, we continue to serve Jehovah in joyful unity. (1 John 5:19; Rev. 12:9) What a miracle!

(Eph. 4:2, 31, 32) Each time we overlook the faults of others, we contribute to the unity of Jehovah's people by being forgiving and forgiving others.

8. How can we share in Jehovah's marvelous work of drawing people to true worship?

9-10. What shows that the prophecy at Micah 2:12 is being fulfilled today?

11. Why can our unity be described as a miracle?

12. How can we contribute to the unity of Jehovah's people?

What is the Bible's view of marriage?

Jehovah's people have genuine love for one another and for their neighbors

(See also paragraph 14)

If we were to do so, we would be allowing Jehovah to perform miraculous acts in our behalf.

Happiness

13 Jesus said that his followers would be identified by their love for one another. (Read John 13:35.) The first-century Christians demonstrated their love for one another in many ways, such as by sharing their material possessions with those who were in need. (Acts 2:44, 45) They prayed for those who were being persecuted. (Acts 12:5) They cared for widows and orphans. (Jas. 1:27) They helped others when they were in need. (Acts 8:1-4) According to the second-century historian Tertullian, people said of the early Christians: See how they love one another and how they are willing to die for one another.

14 Like the first-century Christians, God's people today show love for one another by extending our love to those who do not share our faith, by making voluntary donations to support the preaching and disciple-making work, and by not collecting tithes. In this way, we follow the apostle Paul's counsel: "Speak consolingly to the depressed souls, support the weak, be patient with all". (1 Thess. 5:14) Jehovah has drawn us into a loving family of fellow believers.

15 The love that God's people have among themselves is remarkable, especially considering that the world is filled with selfishness. The apostle Paul wrote that in the last days, people would be "lovers of themselves, lovers of money, . . . lovers of pleasures rather than lovers of God".

13. How did the early Christians show love for one another? (John 13:35)

14. How have God's people shown love? (See also pictures.)

* For example, see the articles on jw.org entitled "Helping Those in Need".

15. Why is it remarkable that we love ourselves?

16 What Does It Mean to Be a Christian?

(2 Tim. 3:2-4) Jesus foretold that selfishness and hatred would prevail and that "the love of the greater number [would] cool off". (Matt. 24:10, 12) As we look back on the fulfillment of these words, do we not see how remarkable it is that Jehovah's servants are able to keep on growing in love because of his active force?

(Mark 9:50) By continuing to show love in our words and deeds, we properly identify ourselves as God's ministers, especially when we allow Jehovah to perform miracles in our behalf.

Do Not Spend What You Don't Have

17 Our growth in numbers, our unity, and our love for one another are truly miraculous in Jehovah's eyes. Despite growing hatred, our love for one another is growing. Despite the world's divisions, we are united in the love we have for God and for one another.

18 In this troubled world, the increase in love, unity, and brotherly love among God's people is truly remarkable, and it gives us confidence in Jehovah's promises for the future. (2 Pet. 3:13) May we never lose appreciation for the privilege we have of being used by God to do wonderful things in our day!

16. In what ways can we show love for one another?

17. What convinces you that Jehovah is performing miracles in our time?

18. In view of the many wonderful things Jehovah is doing, what should we be determined to do?

How Would You Answer?

□ How can we share in Jehovah's marvelous work of drawing people to his congregation?

□ How can we contribute to Jehovah's marvelous work of uniting the congregation?

□ How can we contribute to Jehovah's marvelous work of maintaining love in the congregation?

PSALMS 154 - What is the name of the song?

True Love and Loyalty

What does the Bible say?

LISTEN to the following song.

Jehovah's Warning: "Be wise, my son"

What Does the Bible Really Teach?

Young ones can be helped to remain loyal to Jehovah by making friends with those who love him.

When Two or More Come True

"One may overpower the one alone, but two together will be able to resist him". - ECCLESIASTES 4:12.

JEHOVAH'S servants know how important it is to maintain our integrity to Jehovah, but this is not easy because the world around us tries to distance us from him by promoting a view of friendship that is contrary to the Bible's view of friendship. How much more so do Jehovah and Jesus want us to have friends!

Shortly before his death, Jesus commended his faithful apostles, saying: "You are the ones that have stuck with me in my trials". (Luke 22:28; John 15:15) A true friend is someone who is there for you not only when things are going well but also when they are going badly. If you have such good friends, they will help you when you are tempted to do things that Jehovah hates

* Although this proverb is often used in connection with marriage, it really focuses on the value of friendship.

1. What is the world's view of friendship?

2. (a) What kind of people did Jesus choose as his friends? (b) According to Ecclesiastes 4:9-12, what is the value of good friends?

18

Doing things together in Jehovah's service can help you to reach goals that you never dreamed possible and can help you to build lasting friendships.

3 How can parents and other mature Christians help young ones to make the right choices when it comes to friendships? Let us consider some events in the life of the prophet Daniel, who remained loyal to Jehovah under trying circumstances.

Good Friends Help You to Become a Worshiper of Jehovah

4 As a youth in Judah, Daniel experienced God's displeasure because of the selfishness of the people, who ignored God's laws and pursued their own interests.

5 What helped Daniel to endure trials and tribulations in Babylon? The Scriptures tell us that "Daniel . . . made up his mind in his heart" to obey God's laws. (Dan. 1:8) From early childhood, Daniel's parents - including his own parents - no doubt helped him to make a firm decision to serve Jehovah. - Deut. 6:6, 7.

6 The prophet Jeremiah was chosen to serve as a prophet some 647 years before the birth of Daniel. (Jer. 1:2) Many of the people to whom Jeremiah's message was directed, including Daniel's own family, were nobles and might have had prominent positions in the land. (Jer. 1:17, 18; Dan. 1:3, 6) We cannot be sure whether Jeremiah and Daniel were close friends. (Jer. 25:11; 29:10; Dan. 9:1, 2) Jeremiah's courageous example may have helped Daniel to learn to be courageous, even though he was surrounded by people who ignored God's message.

7 The strong encouragement that Daniel received from his parents, the prophet Jeremiah, and other faithful servants of God must have helped him to develop a strong personal relationship with Jehovah.

8 If you are a parent, ask yourself: 'Am I preparing my children to deal with the pressures that come from their schoolmates?

3. What will we consider in this article?

4. What challenges did Daniel face as a young man?

What may have helped Daniel to make a dedication to Jehovah?

7-8. How can parents and mature Christians help young ones to make decisions?

How can we do this?

have I taught them how to cope with peer pressure, how to react when faced with temptation, how to be prepared to take a stand for Jehovah during the great tribulation, and how to help your children to grow in love for God and to strengthen their faith by regularly engaging in spiritual conversations and by being involved in their schoolwork? Like Jeremiah, young ones are encouraged to grow in faith and loyalty when they associate with good examples.

GOOD companions help us to serve Jehovah when we need to

9 When Daniel and other young Hebrews were exiled to a foreign land, they found themselves in a situation that was unlike anything they had ever faced before.

(Dan. 1:5, 8) If the three young men had been willing, they could have been tempted to compromise their freedom to eat and drink the king's delicacies, perhaps reasoning that they did not want to incur the king's displeasure.

11 Daniel, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego were among the four Hebrew youths chosen to be trained by the king, and they proved their loyalty to Jehovah by helping one another to resist temptation and to remain loyal to Jehovah.

As Daniel and his friends helped each other to make wise choices, you too should seek out the kind of friends who are determined to remain loyal to Jehovah and separate themselves from the world. (1 John 2:15-17) The kind of friends you choose can help you to be loyal to Jehovah even in small matters and thus earn Jehovah's blessing. (Luke 16:10) Your loyalty in small matters will help you to cope with greater challenges in the future.

When problems arise, good friends help us to cope

13 To help us cope with trials and difficulties, we need the help of true friends.

9. What challenges did Daniel and other young Hebrews face in Babylon?

10. What was the initial test for Jewish youths?

11. How did Daniel and his three friends help one another? (See opening picture.)

12. What will help young ones to resist temptation?

13. What difficult test did Daniel and his three companions face?

20 Watching the World

(Dan. 2:3, 9-11) The king threatened to execute the wise men and to put Daniel and his three companions to death if they did not reveal the meaning of the dream and its meaning, adding that Daniel and his friends were to be put to death along with the other wise men of Babylon. What did Daniel and his three friends do?

14 Daniel went to the king and asked for time to reveal the meaning of the dream to him. Daniel then reported the matter to his friends, asking them to "pray for mercy on the part of the God of heaven concerning this secret, in order that Daniel and his companions may not perish with the rest of the wise men of Babylon". (Dan. 2:18) Jehovah responded by revealing to Daniel the dream and its meaning, thus saving Daniel and his companions from destruction and promoting them to high offices in Babylon. - Dan. 2:19, 47-49.

15 There are two lessons that we can learn from this account: (1) Seek help when facing trials; (2) never allow pride or embarrassment to hold you back; and (3) never hesitate to ask others to pray in your behalf. (2 Cor. 1:11) Also, be assured that Jehovah's response to your prayers and to the prayers of others in your behalf can have surprising results.

THE BEST FRIEND You can have at any time

16 Jehovah can help us when we feel isolated and alone in our trials

14. How did Daniel and his three friends help one another? (See also picture.)

15. What can we learn from the account of Daniel and his friends? (Galatians 6:2)

16. What challenges did Daniel face in his later years?

How did Daniel's friends help him to cope with trials? (See paragraph 14)

Do God's friends really feel lonely? (See paragraph 18)

When Daniel was about 90 years old, the Medes and the Persians conquered Babylon, and King Darius took control of the city. Some of the king's officials, jealous of Daniel's position, plotted to kill him, tricked the king into issuing a decree that made it a crime to ask for help from any god other than the king. But was Daniel really alone? - Dan. 6:4-16.

17 After Daniel was miraculously delivered from the lions' pit, Jehovah rescued him by means of an angel. (Read Daniel 6:19-23.) The very next morning, Daniel told the king: "My God sent his angel and shut the mouth of the lions, . . . because I have found no fault in his eyes". Yes, Jehovah proved himself to be the greatest Man who ever lived! - Dan. 6:22.

18 At times, we too may feel isolated or alienated from our loved ones - perhaps because of a congregation assignment, a move, a serious illness, or imprisonment for our faith. In such situations, it is especially important to remember that Jehovah will never abandon us because of our friendship with him, who promises to care for and protect us, no matter where we may be in the world.

Friendships That You Will Never Forget

19 We need to make an effort to have good friends because the Scriptures tell us that in these last days, we will be surrounded by people who will help us to make good choices and who will help us to have a good relationship with Jehovah.

17. According to Daniel 6:19-23, how did Daniel's close relationship with Jehovah benefit him?

(See the picture and the box "Jehovah - Our Father, Our God, and Our Friend".)

19. Why is it especially important now to cultivate friendships that last? (1 Thessalonians 5:2, 11)

22 Watching the World

(Read 1 Thessalonians 5:11.) The apostle Peter wrote: "In view of the fact that the end of all things has drawn close, it is necessary for us to have love for one another". - 1 Pet. 4:7, 8.

20 Like Daniel, choose to associate with those in the congregation who, like Jeremiah, can give you encouragement and guidance, and who will help you to remain faithful to Jehovah. Do not be ashamed to ask others to pray for you when you are distressed, but remember that Jehovah is the best friend you can have, and he will never leave you.

20. (a) What should we consider when choosing good associates? (b) How will we benefit from having good associates?

COVER: Daniel and his friends helped each other to endure trials and to remain faithful to Jehovah.

Jehovah - Our Father, Our God, and Our Friend

If you find it hard to see Jehovah as a reliable Father, why not make it your goal to take one step each day to draw closer to him?

• Talk to Jehovah: Jehovah wants you to talk to him about your feelings, so talk to him in prayer.

• Let Jehovah speak to you: By reading and studying the Bible, you will come to know his wonderful qualities and how he dealt with his servants in the past.

• Be patient: Remember that trust and friendship do not develop overnight. You can be sure that Jehovah wants you to be his friend.

For more information, see chapter 35 of the book Questions Young People Ask - Answers That Work, Volume 2.

HOW GOOD friends can help us . . .

■ when facing temptation?

■ when facing a serious problem?

■ when we are lonely?

What is the meaning of Psalm 161?

Delighted to Do God's Will

It's just that I don't know what I'm doing.

PSALMS 162 The Word Became the Bread of Life

What Does the Bible Really Teach?

Why it is important to have a daily text, and how to do it.

Examining the Scriptures Daily

They received the word with great eagerness of mind, carefully examining the Scriptures daily". - ACTS 17:11.

IN 1905, Jehovah's organization published in many languages the book Daily Bread for the Household of the Faithful, using simple paragraphs and excerpts from Zion's Watch Tower to provide a paragraph and explanation for each day's reading. This same publication was used by Jehovah's people without adjustments until 1927, when the daily text was incorporated into the Yearbook.* This provided the brothers with more paragraphs and excerpts from The Watch Tower.

2 Beginning in 1986, the brochure Examining the Scriptures Daily, which is now available in more than 300 languages, became the basis for a study guide that is now available in the JW Library® app, the Watchtower ONLINE LIBRARY at www.jw.org, and the Watchtower Library.

3 Because of our busy schedule, some of us may find it difficult to recite the daily text. So let us consider three questions: (1) What Scriptural examples can motivate us to recite the daily text? (2) What are the benefits of doing so? (3) What suggestions can help us to improve the quality of our daily text?

* For languages that had not yet been translated into the Yearbook, a summary of the daily text would appear in the monthly issue of The Watchtower, indicating the source of the summary.

1-2. (a) What publication has helped our brothers and sisters to meditate on the daily text? (b) Where can we find the daily text today?

3. What might make it difficult for us to apply the daily text, and what questions arise?

24

A Bible Example for Youths

4 This article is based on the example of the Jews in the Macedonian city of Beroea when the apostle Paul preached to them. (Read Acts 17:10, 11.) The Beroeans who listened to the apostle Paul were eager to hear what he had to say. This confirms that what the speaker is saying is true.

(Acts 17:13) Rather than being intimidated by this, however, they were convinced that they had found the truth, so they did not waver in their faith. In the same way, regularly examining the inspired Scriptures will help us to cope with whatever trials may come our way.

Why is it important to study the Bible daily?

6 Our daily prayer is a way to show Jehovah that we love him and that we value his worship.

Bible Examples That Illustrate the Daily Routine of Worship

• Sacrifices were a daily requirement of Jehovah's people under the Mosaic Law. - Ex. 29:38-42; 30:7, 8.

• Jehovah told Joshua to read the book of the Law in an undertone day and night. - Josh. 1:8, footnote.

• Jehovah required Israelite kings to make a copy of the Mosaic Law and to read and meditate on it daily. - Deut. 17:18-20.

• Read and meditate on God's law day and night, as the psalmist urges us to do. - Ps. 1:1-3.

• Daniel was in the habit of praying three times a day. - Dan. 6:10.

• The book of Revelation describes a great crowd as rendering God sacred service day and night. - Rev. 7:15.

(John 3:16) Many have found that praying, reading God's Word, and meditating on what they have learned at the start of each day's work gives them time to meditate on what they have learned.

7 We use our time wisely by choosing the scripture for each day. (Read Ephesians 5:8.)

4. When the apostle Paul preached to the Beroeans, how did they respond? (Acts 17:10, 11)

5. How did reading the Scriptures daily benefit the Beroeans?

(See also the box "Bible Examples That Illustrate Daily Activities in Jehovah's Service".)

7-8. What additional reason do we have for making each day a day of prayer? (Ephesians 5:15, 16)

What is the Bible's view of marriage?

15, 16) It is wise to set aside time each day to learn about Jehovah and to seek his guidance.

8 Jesus said that each day has enough trouble of its own. (Matt. 6:34) But the context of that verse assures us that Jehovah is aware of our circumstances and knows all our needs. (Matt. 6:25-32) Our daily reading of the day's text helps us to focus on Jehovah's provision for us rather than on our own problems. The scripture for the day was Psalm 86:5, which reads: "O Jehovah, you are good and ready to forgive; and the loving-kindness to all those calling upon you is abundant".

9 The daily text has repeatedly reminded us of the need to trust in Jehovah when we face trials. (Prov. 3:5, 6) For example, on the first day of the Russian-Ukrainian war, the scripture for the day was Isaiah 30:15, which says: "Your power will come to be in your hands, if you rely on me, and you will not be afraid". After praying, we felt that we had received a special gift to help us cope with our situation. Svitlana says: "Isaiah 30:15 was just what we needed.

10 We need courage to be loyal to Jehovah, to stand up to schoolmates and workmates, to share Bible truths with our neighbors, and to maintain integrity under trials. (Read Joshua 1:6-9.) We can keep our faith and courage strong by reading the daily text and the Bible daily.

11 Paul exhorted the young man Timothy to "continue making progress in speech, in conduct, in love, in faith, in chasteness". (1 Tim. 4:12, 15) Taking the daily text into consideration allows us to meditate on how we can make spiritual progress.

12 Having a daily text helps us to prepare for any future assignment in Jehovah's service.

9. How did the daily text affect our brothers in Ukraine?

10. Why do we need courage, and how can we develop it? (Joshua 1:6-9) (See also pictures.)

11. How does the daily text help us in our service to Jehovah?

12. What prospect is open to those who love Jehovah, and how can they prepare for it?

26 What Does It Mean to Be a Christian?

Reading the Bible daily can help us to develop courage (See paragraph 10)

As Jehovah's organization continues to grow, there is a need for brothers who love God to serve as pioneers, missionaries, Bethel volunteers, construction volunteers, and translation volunteers. There is a need for humble, hardworking young men to serve as ministerial servants, elders, and circuit overseers. (Phil. 1:13-15) A daily portion of the day's text will help you to see how to apply Bible principles in your life, and it will prepare you for any assignment you may receive in the congregation.

The Way to Happiness

Before considering the daily text, why not ask Jehovah to help you to understand what you read and how you can apply it in your life? (Jas. 1:5) After considering a paragraph based on the day's text and its explanation, ask yourself: 'How can this daily text help me to strengthen my faith? (Rom. 1:12) Some have found it helpful to summarize the day's text in three or four words at the end of the day so that they can remember it throughout the day.

14 To find other ways to include the daily text in your presentation, try the following: (1) Highlights from the daily text

13. How can you make the daily text your own?

14-15. What suggestions can you make for the daily text, and what will help you to keep them in mind?

What does the Bible say?

How can you avoid being distracted by reading the daily text? (See paragraph 18)

(2) Read all the paragraphs that have been included in the daily text. (3) Read the entire chapter from where the daily text is found. (4) Include more information in the daily text, using the Research Guide for Jehovah's Witnesses. (5) Read a number of paragraphs in the study edition of The Watchtower in which the article is found.

15 A young sister named Mackenzie explains what helps her to keep the daily text in mind each day: "Even a five-minute discussion helps me to stay focused.

16 When might you consider the daily text?

* A link to the Watchtower magazine from which the daily text was taken shows the year and month of issue, as well as the page and paragraph from which the discussion of the daily text was taken.

16. When might you consider the daily text?

For example, some families have considered the daily text at breakfast or before sending their children to school. To help them remember, they have put the booklet Examining the Scriptures Daily in a prominent place on their desk.

17 If you do not set a specific time for your daily text, you may find that the day is long gone. "I'm just getting started", says a 16-year-old brother named John, "and it's not like I haven't started yet". A 21-year-old brother named Rogelio says: "I use my phone as a reminder to read the daily text first thing in the morning".

17-18. Why should you set aside time to read the daily text, and what will help you to do so? (See also pictures.)

28 Watching the World

Isabelle, a 19-year-old sister, says: "I set a goal: 'I will not use my cell phone or do anything else until I have finished studying the daily text.' If you regularly use your cell phone and find it too busy, use a printed copy instead". Olivia, a 19-year-old sister, says: "One of the best things is to have someone to talk to regularly - a family member or a friend". If there is someone who will always remind you to obey the eternal word, it will not be silenced.

HELP YOUR CHILDREN TO MAKE EVERY DAY A DAY is a good day

19 Parents, if you make it a habit to share in the daily ministry with your children, they will likely benefit greatly from your example, and even if they think that they are beginning to understand something, they will be inclined to do so because of the regularity of your discussions with them.

19. How do parents and their children benefit from discussing the daily text together? Illustrate. - Philippians 1:9, 10.

20 Jesus said: "Man must live, not on bread alone, but on every utterance coming forth through Jehovah's mouth".

Make Sure That Your Faith Is Based on a Strong Foundation

WHEN you began to study the Bible with Jehovah's Witnesses, what convinced you that there is "the oneness of the faith", the only way that God wants us to worship him? (Eph. 4:4-6) Were you attracted to Jehovah's Witnesses because of their love for one another or because of their honesty and godly qualities?

On the other hand, what if a fellow believer has been hurt, has been unloving, or has committed a serious sin that is well-known - perhaps as was the case with some in the Corinthian congregation in the apostle Paul's day? (1 Cor. 5:1) If you have allowed the actions or words of others to undermine your faith, how can you prevent that from happening?

How can you strengthen your faith?

You can build your faith by continually examining the evidence for the truthfulness of your Bible-based beliefs.

When the disciples heard this, many of them said, "This is a hard saying. Who can eat the flesh of the Son of Man and drink his blood?"

Jesus' words stumbled many, and they stopped following him. - John 6:56-60, 66.

Then Jesus said to his disciples, "Do you also want to go away? " Peter answered", Lord, to whom shall we go? You have the words of eternal life, and we have believed and come to know that you are the Holy One of God".

Their faith was based on a solid foundation, not on mere impressions, as when Peter replied: "We have believed and come to know that you are the Holy One of God". Those faithful apostles knew what they believed and why.

The lesson that this account teaches us is that the facts are more important than the feelings because our emotions can change when we are treated unfairly, but the truths we have learned about God's name, his purpose, and the ransom cannot be changed by what anyone says or does.

The warmth and fine qualities of our Christian brothers and sisters fill us with joy.

30 From Our Readers

This then is how we know that we are from the truth, so that no one may be deceived by falsehood and no one may be led astray.

By regularly studying the Bible, we will deepen our faith in the truths we have learned, strengthen our conviction that our worship is acceptable to God, and remain steadfast in our faith, regardless of what others may say or do. - Ps. 16:8; see the box "Never Let Go of the Right Path".

If you allow the actions or words of others to undermine your faith, it shows that the foundation on which your faith rests is weak.

Never Stray from the Right Path

Imagine that you are about to embark on a long journey to see a beautiful landscape.

When you are traveling, you may encounter some unpleasant situations, such as passengers who make a lot of noise, or a driver who is unpleasant in his or her speech or behavior. Such situations do not necessarily mean that you should have chosen the wrong car; rather, you should have stayed in the car until you reached your destination.

Similarly, our faith in God's new world, our joy in being part of God's congregation, and our unexpected disappointment at the hands of a fellow believer - perhaps even at the hands of someone we respect - will strengthen our resolve not to deviate from the right course.

What Does It Mean?

It Affects Jehovah's Sovereignty

This article is part of a larger series entitled "The Bible - God's Word or Man's?" published by Jehovah's Witnesses.

What Does It Mean to Be a Christian?

One Hundred Years Ago - In the Year 1926

Study articles for December 7 to 13

Maintain an Attitude of Appreciation

What Does the Bible Really Teach? 12

Do Not Underestimate Your Opportunity to Be Used by Jehovah in Wonderful Ways

Study articles for December 21-27

When Two or More Come True

Study Articles for December 28 to January 3 24

Examining the Scriptures Daily

Make Sure That Your Faith Is Based on a Strong Foundation 30

This publication is not for sale. It is part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations.

Unless otherwise indicated, Scripture quotations are from the modern-language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) October 2026 is published by the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana.

EXPERIENCE and experience

Jehovah Rewards Those Who Have Faith

When Emma applied for a day off from her job to attend a district convention, her boss not only refused her request but also said that from then on she would work five days a week, adding that she would have to resign if she did not accept the new arrangement.

Two weeks later, however, Emma's manager told her that she had been fired from her job. After Emma's absence, Emma met with the hotel's manager, who was convinced that the manager had ignored her request and had fired Emma. The manager immediately rehired Emma and agreed to work for four to five weeks each. This new arrangement proved to be a blessing because it allowed her to pioneer and serve in other ways, and she was amazed at how Jehovah cared for her physical needs.

Go to jw.org, or scan this icon on your mobile device

What is JW.ORG®?

w16.10