August 2026

The Watchtower Announces the Kingdom of Jehovah

This article discusses some of the ways in which Jehovah's Witnesses have helped people to make changes in their lives.

What does the Bible say?

Resist Satan's LiesBelieve in Jehovah and Jesus

55 Do Not Be Afraid of Them!

THIS article discusses how Satan tries to deceive us in an effort to undermine our faith in Jehovah God and Jesus Christ.

"Subject yourselves . . . to God; but oppose the Devil, and he will flee from you". - JAMES 4:7.

SINCE we made our dedication to Jehovah, we have been the target of intense hatred and opposition from Satan and his demons, who are determined to make us feel that Jehovah and his Son, Jesus, do not care about us. (1 Cor. 11:14; Jas. 1:6) Satan knows that his efforts are futile, but he is determined to make us feel that we are not worthy of Jehovah's help.

(Eph. 6:12) We too are in a battle against wicked spirit forces. (Eph. 6:12) Satan the Devil knows that a lack of trust in our heavenly Leaders, Jehovah God and Jesus Christ, will cause us to disobey them, so he uses various tactics to undermine our trust. In the next article, we will consider two more avenues that Satan uses to try to deceive us and stop us from cultivating spiritual fruitage.*

So when we are faced with trials or persecution, we need to remember that it is not Satan who is directly responsible for all our trials. Rather, it is the spirit of the world that promotes opposition to God's people. - 1 Cor. 2:12; 1 John 5:19.

1. In what way does Satan try to stop us from serving Jehovah?

2. Why is it important that we have faith in Jehovah God and Jesus Christ?

2

SATAN SPRAWS LIES against Jehovah and against Jesus

(Gen. 3:1-5) Sadly, Eve believed Satan's lie, and Adam joined her in disobeying the One who had given them life and everything else. - Gen. 3:6.

4 After causing Adam and Eve to disobey Jehovah, Satan continued to spread false accusations against Jehovah. For example, by means of Job's three companions, Satan tried to make Job think that Jehovah did not love him or that his loyalty was worthless.

5 Centuries after Job's day, when Jesus was on earth, Satan tried to turn people away from him. One way that Satan did this was by using religious leaders and others who hated Jesus to spread false accusations against him and to have him executed as a criminal. - Read Matthew.

(Matt. 11:19; 27:27-31; Mark 14:55, 56; John 8:41-45) He was a man of integrity.

6 After Jesus' death and resurrection, Satan tried to discourage Jesus' followers by attempting to discredit Jesus' resurrection and by spreading the lie that his disciples had stolen Jesus' body. (Matt. 28:11-15) Next, Satan organized a campaign of persecution, hoping that Jesus' followers would be so intimidated that they would stop preaching the good news. - Acts 7:57-8:1; 12:1-3; 28:22.

(Acts 4:18-20; 1 Pet. 5:8) In our day, how does Satan try to discourage us so that we stop serving Jehovah?

SATAN SPRAWS LIES about Jehovah and about Jesus

8 Today, one of Satan's most effective tactics is to blind people to the truth about Jehovah and Jesus. As the great deceiver, he uses false religion to spread lies and misrepresentations about God and Jesus. (John 8:44) He obscures and confuses the identity of God and his Son. (2 Cor. 4:3, 4) Some religious leaders teach that the Father is the same as the Son, so that people worship the Son instead of the Father because they do not even know the Father's name.

3. How did Satan undermine Eve's trust in Jehovah?

4. What false idea did Satan try to plant in Job's mind?

5. What did Satan do to stop people from following Jesus? (Matthew 11:19)

6-7. In what ways has Satan tried to stop Jesus' followers?

8. How has Satan used false religion to spread lies about Jehovah and Jesus?

3 AUGUST of the year 2026

Satan's world tries to make us think that God's standards are outdated (See paragraph 11)

(Matt. 4:10; John 4:23) When such lies permeate people's minds, it can make it difficult for them to discern the truth, and some may even oppose our ministry.

(Prov. 18:10) Satan, on the other hand, does not want people to have a close relationship with God, so he has long used false religion to blind people to God's name or even to prevent people from knowing it. (Read Jeremiah 23:26, 27.) For example, this great enemy of God has succeeded in removing God's name from many Bible translations. (Jas. 4:8) Satan also tries to turn Jehovah's servants away from serving Him.

10 When we face trials,

9. How does Satan try to blind people to the truth about Jehovah? (Jeremiah 23:26, 27)

10. What could cause a sincere Christian to become "enraged against Jehovah"?

4 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

(Prov. 19:3) At such times, we may begin to reason: 'If Jehovah does not help me, why should I continue to obey his laws and standards?

11 Satan tries to make us think that it is not practical to live by Jehovah's moral standards by promoting propaganda on the Internet, such as by showing that the Bible's moral standards are out-of-date and that anyone can decide for himself what is right and what is wrong.

12 If we were to listen to the worldly view of right and wrong that Satan promotes, we might begin to question Jehovah's standards. A young sister named Shannon* says: "It took me a while to realize that my thinking was slowly being shaped by the negative influences at school and from my peers.

* Name has been changed.

11. (a) What is one way that Satan tries to turn people away from Jehovah's guidance? (b) What is one way that Satan tries to turn people away from Jehovah's guidance?

12. Why should we not listen to Satan's propaganda?

I was no longer interested in serving Jehovah, and I no longer enjoyed the company of my cousins and the brothers. But Shannon eventually changed and escaped Satan's schemes and regained his good relationship with Jehovah.

13 When Shannon realized that she needed to make changes in her relationship with Jehovah and Jesus, she said: "I prayed to Jehovah for help to make good friends, I did research in our publications, and I learned a lot from watching the video Young People Ask - How Can I Make Real Friends? on jw.org.* A young sister had a similar experience, and she asked her parents for help, so I learned from her example and asked my parents for help. With the help of my parents, older brothers, and older sisters, I came to see that it is not enough to attend meetings and obey my parents; I also need to cultivate a close relationship with Jehovah and trust in his Word.

WHY JEHOVAH and JESUS are important to us

14 If we want to be close to Jehovah, we also need to be his friends

* For more information on how to build a relationship with Jehovah, go to the page Young People Ask and the page Spiritual Growth on jw.org. On the JW Library® app, go to the category "Teenagers Ask" and then to the subheading "Growing Up Spiritually".

13. What did you learn from Shannon's experience?

14. (See also picture.) (b) How can we avoid being deceived by Satan's propaganda and losing our faith?

5th of August 2026

We can protect ourselves from Satan's schemes if we keep our spiritual routine strong

(See also paragraph 14)

(Jas. 4:4) We must be careful not to believe everything that the world says on the Internet or in the media, including unreliable or misleading information. On the other hand, by diligently studying God's Word and our Christian publications and by associating with mature Christians, we can avoid being misled by Satan's propaganda.

15 As we get to know Jehovah and Jesus through our study of the Bible, we become more convinced that they are with us. (Prov. 22:19) Our faith in them is strengthened when we reflect on how Jehovah and Jesus have cared for faithful ones in the past.

15. What can we do to strengthen our conviction that Jehovah and Jesus are with us?

6 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

(See footnote.) The Bible also reveals Jesus' love for us. Jesus himself said that he loved us so much that he gave his life in our behalf. - John 15:12, 13.

16 Reflecting on how Jehovah and Jesus have helped us in the past will help us to be convinced that they love us, that they have answered our prayers, that they have strengthened us in times of need, and that they will never leave us.

17 We all want to be close to Jehovah and Jesus forever.

(Rev. 20:1-3, 10) To resist Satan's machinations, we need to be confident of Jehovah's love and approval and that of his Son, Jesus, who assured us that "no one can snatch [us] out of the Father's hand". - Read John 10:29; Jas. 4:7.

18 In the next article, we will discuss how we can successfully resist two more of Satan's attacks on us - his attempts to cause divisions in the congregation and his efforts to persecute us.

16. Why is it good to reflect on how Jehovah has helped you and others? (Psalm 118:5, 6)

17. According to John 10:29, what assurance did Jesus give to those who love him and his Father?

18. What will be discussed in the next article?

How Can You Cope?

□ How did Satan spread lies about Jehovah and Jesus in the past?

□ How is Satan spreading lies about Jehovah and Jesus today?

▪ What convinces you that Jehovah and Jesus are with you?

SING 150 Seek God and Be Saved by Him

What does the Bible say?

We Will Continue to Endure

THIS article will help us to remember that our fight is not against our Christian brothers and sisters but against the Devil and his demons.

You Can Win the Battle Against Satan and the Demons!

"We have a wrestling, not against blood and flesh, but against . . . the wicked spirit forces in the heavenly places". - EPH. 6:12.

(Isa. 2:4; John 18:36) However, the Bible teaches that all of us have a fight against Satan and his demons. (Read Ephesians 6:11, 12.) How can we win against these powerful enemies?

2 As we discussed in the preceding article, the Devil uses two other avenues to try to undermine our faith in Jehovah God and Jesus Christ. In this article, we will consider two other avenues that Satan uses in his efforts to break our integrity: (1) he tries to disrupt our unity; and (2) he uses threats, persecution, and intimidation to weaken our faith in the work that God has entrusted to us.

SATAN WANTS to divide us

3 Satan tries to divide us

(Ephesians 6:11, 12) 2. What will we consider in this article? 3. How does Satan try to divide us?

8

Saul was jealous of David and did not trust in Jehovah, but Jonathan trusted in Jehovah and supported David (See paragraphs 4, 6)

Satan would like to see us develop a spirit of suspicion, even hatred, toward Jehovah's organization, which is characterized by a lack of love and trust in Satan's world. - Rom. 16:17.

4 Consider King Saul, who at first loved David and admired his military prowess. (1 Sam. 18:5) However, as David's popularity soared, Saul grew jealous of him and sought to kill him. (1 Sam. 18:9-11) Satan must have been pleased when David was killed, for Jehovah had anointed David to be the future king of Israel.

5 Satan the Devil is well-aware that our unity results in Jehovah's favor and blessing. (Ps. 133:1) He wants to destroy our unity, so he wants us to develop a jealous spirit like that of Saul, who knew that jealousy can make it difficult to show true love. (Mark 12:30, 31) But is our worship really acceptable to God if we are jealous of our brothers and sisters?

6 If we love our brothers and sisters, we will not be jealous of them.

4. Why did King Saul hate David? (See also picture.)

5. Why does the Devil want us to be jealous of our Christian brothers and sisters? (James 3:14-16)

6. What can you learn from the example of Jonathan? (See also picture.)

August 2026

9

Instead of being jealous of David's successor, Saul's son Jonathan developed a close friendship with David, trusting in Jehovah's promise that David would become king over Israel. Jonathan humbly recognized and supported David as the one whom Jehovah had chosen to be king. - 1 Sam. 23:16, 17.

7 Another tactic that Satan uses to try to disrupt our unity is to resolve problems and disagreements quickly. (Read Ephesians 4:25-27.) (Rom. 12:12) We are united with our Christian brothers and sisters in our fight against the same enemies - Satan and the demons. - 1 Pet. 5:8, 9.

8 If you are hurt by the words or actions of a brother or a sister, it is good to remember that they are just as imperfect as you are. As long as we work together as a team, our differences will inevitably arise. (Eccl. 7:20) When that happens, we need to apply Jehovah's counsel to "continue putting up with one another" and to be willing to forgive. - Col. 3:12-14.

Let us continue to cherish this precious unity and enjoy it, as Jehovah and Jesus want us to do. - John 17:20, 21.

SATAN is TRYING to get the better of us

The apostle Paul warned us that all true Christians would be persecuted. (2 Tim. 3:12) When faced with opposition or persecution, it is easy to become so preoccupied with defending our own righteousness that we lose sight of Jehovah's sovereign right to preach the Kingdom good news. - Rom. 12:19-21.

(Gen. 26:12-18) Isaac and his household and their flocks desperately needed water, so he moved to a distant land and dug new wells - wells that the Philistines claimed were theirs. (Genesis 26:19-25) If we are treated unfairly, can we imitate Isaac's calmness?

How can we prevent the Devil from disrupting our unity? - Ephesians 4:25-27.

8. How should we react if someone says or does something that hurts us?

9. What is another way that Satan tries to discourage us?

10. How did Isaac react to injustice?

10 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

Please stop.

We want change

The People Serve

We want change

Will you remain loyal to Jehovah and his Kingdom? (See paragraph 13)

11 When the Messiah came to earth, Jesus was treated unfairly, for example, by some of his relatives who thought that he was insane (Mark 3:21); he was falsely accused by religious leaders (Luke 11:15, 16); he was betrayed by a close friend (Matthew 26:14-16); the chief priests conspired with the Jewish authorities to have Jesus executed (Mark 15:1, 13-15); and he remained zealous in his service to Jehovah despite such opposition. (Luke 22:50, 51) In all of this, Jesus did not retaliate; instead, he took responsibility for the work Jehovah had entrusted to him.

12 Like Jesus, we face challenges that can discourage us, such as Satan's attempts to stop us from preaching the good news, opposition from family members and others, and even persecution. (Read Matthew 5:43, 44.)

13 We must show respect for governmental authorities, even when they impose restrictions on our worship or make life difficult for us in some other way.

11. How did Jesus react when others treated him unfairly?

12. According to Matthew 5:43, 44, how should we treat those who oppose us?

13. (See also picture.) (b) How do we show respect for authority?

11th of AUGUST, 2026

Our love for our brothers and sisters and our unity will help us to win the battle against Satan and the demons (See paragraph 16)

(Prov. 24:21, 22; Eccl. 8:2, 3) If we take sides in the world's political affairs, we are doing Satan's will and are not fully supporting God's sovereignty. - John 15:19.

14 Some of our former opposers have become zealous servants of Jehovah. (1 Tim. 1:12, 13) So if you are the victim of ridicule, persecution, or slander, remember that it is possible to change. (Matt. 5:11) Pray for the right of the authorities to allow us to worship Jehovah freely. (1 Tim. 2:1, 2) Pray also for those who oppose you spiritually, such as relatives, workmates, or schoolmates. A woman who for many years opposed her husband before he became a Witness says: Much good can be accomplished by our being patient, and we continue to be patient.

15 Of course, we cannot completely eliminate the injustices we see in the world today or the suffering we personally experience. (Eccl. 1:15) But Jehovah can.

14. What should we remember about opposers?

15. Why is it impossible for us to correct injustices in this system of things?

12 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

(Ps. 37:18) By means of his Kingdom, Jehovah will soon undo all the harm caused by Satan and those who support him. (1 John 3:8; Rev. 21:5) In the meantime, let us be patient, show love, and help as many people as possible to become Jehovah's friends.

YOU CAN FIGHT SATAN and his demons!

16 The Bible assures us that we can win the battle against Satan and his demons. (Jas. 4:7; 1 John 5:4, 5) To do so, however, we need to exercise complete faith in Jehovah God and Jesus Christ. (Eph. 6:16) Therefore, continue to build up your faith, and let that faith move you to love and unite with your fellow believers.

16. (See also pictures.) (b) What will help us to resist Satan and his demons?

17 No matter how the Devil tries to divide us or discourage us, we must never allow him to defeat us if we remain firmly loyal to Jehovah and Jesus. All of us, including our Christian brothers and sisters, are fighting against our chief enemy, Satan.

17. What should be your determination?

How Can You Cope?

□ How does Satan try to cause a rift between us and our Christian brothers?

□ How does Satan try to stop the Kingdom-preaching work?

▪ Why are you confident that you can win the fight against Satan and his demons?

LISTEN to the following song.

The Song of the Sparrow

What does the Bible say?

SING 106 Cultivate the Qualities of Love

THIS article discusses what we can learn from the examples of the apostle Paul, Philemon, and Onesimus about promoting peace in the congregation.

Let All Your Activities Be Motivated by Love

In the name of love, I want to beg your pardon.

(Isa. 32:17, 18) Jehovah is the Source of this peace, but he has given each one of us the responsibility to contribute to its preservation. (Rom. 12:18) How can we promote peace in the congregation?

I want to thank you

2 Read Philemon 8, 9, 17. In his letter to Philemon, Paul encouraged him to accept back his runaway slave Onesimus because of his love for Christ and for fellow believers. (Philem. 4:9) According to Roman law, a runaway slave was entitled to return to his master, so Paul allowed Onesimus to return to Philemon. - Philem. 12, 13.

3 What would happen if Philemon severely punished Onesimus? What would the congregation do? Would there be a division between brothers and between masters and slaves?

1. What should each of us do?

2. Briefly describe the case of Philemon and Onesimus. - Philemon 8, 9, 17.

(See also opening picture.) 3. (a) Why might Paul have been concerned about sending Onesimus back to his master? (b) How did Onesimus respond?

14

(Eph. 6:21, 22; Col. 4:7-9) In this article, we will see what we can learn from Paul's letters to the Colossians, to Philemon, and to Onesimus.

What can we learn from Paul's example?

4 The apostle Paul's example in dealing with his brothers and sisters in the congregations teaches us how to be peacemakers.

5 Paul treated Philemon in a friendly manner (Philem. 17) Paul did not feel that he had to answer Philemon as if he were a rival. (2 Cor. 1:24) Rather, Paul viewed Philemon as a fellow worker and reminded him of their past friendship. What a fine example Paul set for all of us, especially for congregation overseers, in the way he dealt with Onesimus, who had recently become a Christian! (Eph. 5:1-3) Rather, they cherish them by spending time with them, listening to them, and helping them in times of need.

6 Paul commended Philemon.

Why not? Because there is such a great deal of self-righteousness, self-loathing, disgust, jealousy, covetousness, anger, slander, envy, strife and discord among brothers. (Prov. 12:25) When we see something positive in someone, we want to give him or her heartfelt commendation, not just for what he or she has done but also for the effort he or she has put forth.

(Read Philemon 10-12.) Did Paul's words of commendation change Philemon's attitude toward Onesimus? Did they affect his love for him?

How can elders help to promote peace in the congregation?

6. Why is it important to take the lead in showing honor to one another?

7. Why should we be careful about what we say about our brothers? (Philemon 10-12)

15 of August 2026

Like Paul, have a positive view of your brothers and speak positively about them (See paragraph 8)

In order to avoid being misunderstood, we need to have a positive view of others. What good is that? We can learn from Paul's experience.

8 Paul repeatedly thanked Jehovah for the fine qualities of Philemon (Phil. 4, 5) and he did the same for others. (1 Cor. 1:4-7; Phil. 1:3-5; Col. 1:3, 4; 1 Thess. 1:2, 3) Even though Paul may have been aware of their weaknesses, he tried to look for their good qualities and regularly thanked Jehovah for them.

9 Despite his trials, Paul treated Philemon with kindness. Have you ever been overwhelmed by tiredness or stress and become angry with others? Consider the situation Paul faced when he wrote to Philemon. Earlier, Paul had been attacked by mobs, severely beaten, unjustly imprisoned, and imprisoned for a time in Jerusalem and Caesarea before being sent to Rome by ship. And now, as a prisoner in Rome for a year, does Paul allow himself to become harsh in his letter? No. Rather, he carefully selected and applied words that would enhance Philemon's reputation.

(See also pictures.) 8 What can help us to maintain a positive view of our brothers and to speak positively about them?

9. What is noteworthy about Paul's letter to Philemon, and why?

INTRODUCTIONS From the Bible to the book of Acts

10 At times, all of us say or do things that hurt others.

10. How did Onesimus make peace with Philemon, and why was this remarkable?

16 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

It was hard enough for him to make the three thousand mile journey to return to his master because he was in danger of being enslaved and would have to pay back what he owed. If he felt that he was being unfairly treated, he would not hold back from making peace.

(Matt. 5:23-25) First, we must sincerely apologize; then, we must listen carefully to the other person's feelings; then, we must acknowledge our part in the problem; and then, instead of making excuses or blaming ourselves, we can make the matter seem less sincere, prolonged, or even worse.

What We Can Learn From Philemon

12 From the example of Philemon, we learn how to pursue peace when offended. Whether Philemon was willing to forgive and receive Onesimus back is not stated, but Paul was confident that Philemon would do so. (Philem. 17, 21) Paul knew that Philemon had qualities that would make it easier for him to forgive Onesimus.

13 Philemon had a deep love for his brothers and sisters. (Phil. 5) Philemon lived up to his name, which means "loving-kindness".

11. How can we pursue peace when we have offended someone? (See also pictures.)

12. Why was Paul confident that Philemon would forgive Onesimus?

Why is love essential to being peaceable? (Colossians 3:14)

Like Onesimus, be humble and do your best to make peace with your brother (See paragraph 11)

Like Philemon, show hospitality and promote unity (See paragraph 15)

In his letter to the congregation in Colossae, Paul described love as "a perfect bond of union". (Read Colossians 3:14) No other quality contributes more to peace and unity than love.

14 Another outstanding quality that made Philemon's love for others more evident was his hospitality. (Philem. 2) Evidently, knowing that Philemon was a lover of hospitality, Paul asked Philemon to prepare some food for him. (Philem. 22) Philemon's hospitality undoubtedly made his home a haven of refreshment for the brothers. - Philem. 7.

15 If we imitate Philemon's hospitality, our love for our brothers and sisters will grow because we will get to know them better. When we associate with those who are not close friends or who have personalities different from our own, we come to appreciate that each servant of Jehovah is unique and a beautiful part of Jehovah's organization. When we learn about the background of our brothers and sisters, how they came to know the truth, and how they endure trials, we come to appreciate and respect them more. (John 6:44) If we are hospitable, our love for our brothers and sisters will grow, our view of others will be improved, and we will be more forgiving when others offend us.

16 Do you find it difficult to forgive someone who has offended you? Even if we love our brothers and sisters, what can help us at times? Consider Paul's words to Philemon, who was a member of the congregation in Colossae. (Read Colossians 3:13.)

14. How do we know that Philemon was a lover of hospitality?

15. How does being hospitable help us to strengthen our love for one another? (See also pictures.)

16. How may Philemon have applied Paul's counsel found at Colossians 3:13?

18 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

After the letter has been read to the whole church, what does it say in your minds that you are holding that woman in your affections?

17 Paul's words "continue putting up with one another" imply that we should be patient with our brothers and sisters, even if they may have offended us. In the same verse, Paul highlights Jehovah's love and forgiveness as an example. Jehovah is reasonable and does not expect perfection from his servants. (Col. 3:22, 23) To illustrate: If we remember the beauty of a flower that grows in our home, we will be more inclined to care for it even when it is not wanted; similarly, if we remember the good qualities of our brothers and sisters, we will be more inclined to be kind and forgiving even when they offend us.

18 Jehovah appreciates your efforts to promote peace in the congregation. Seek every opportunity to promote peace each day. Speak graciously and constructively. Be willing to apologize. Make peace without delay. Show genuine love for fellow believers. Forgive freely, and you will be among those who will inherit the earth and enjoy an abundance of peace forever. - Ps. 37:11.

18. What is your determination?

COVER: Philemon reads Paul's letter to Onesimus and Tychicus in the hearing of the household.

17. What does it mean to continue putting up with one another?

HOW do you react to such people?

■ The apostle Paul

■ Onesimus

■ Philemon

154 - A Love That Does Not Fail

This article is part of our coverage of the Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc.

LISTEN to the following song.

The New Church

THE subject of the article

This article will strengthen our appreciation for Jehovah's provision for our salvation and for our privilege of rendering him sacred service.

Appreciate Your Privilege of Serving Jehovah

who has granted us salvation through the word, so that we may fearlessly render sacred service to him.

(Amos 3:7; Luke 1:67-79) But Zechariah had much more to say than that.* As we will see in this article, Zechariah's words were prophetic and apply to our day. Zechariah's words highlight three things for which we should be grateful: (1) God's gift of salvation, (2) the privilege of rendering sacred service to God, and (3) our precious commission to preach.

God's Unique Gift to You

2 Read Luke 1:67-73. God promises deliverance for his people, but through whom?

* See the drama The Gospel According to Jesus, Part 1, which discusses Zechariah's prophecy linked with Luke 1:67.

1. What is the focus of Zechariah's prophecy?

2. (a) According to Luke 1:67-73, what promise does God make to his people? (b) Who is the Mighty One mentioned at Luke 1:69?

20

(Luke 1:69, footnote) That mighty Deliverer was the Messiah, whom the Jews of Zechariah's day had long expected to be a descendant of Abraham in the royal line of David. (Gen. 22:17, 18; Matt. 22:42) Why, then, did Jehovah again reveal to Zechariah the coming of that mighty Deliverer? (Matt. 3:16, 17) What a wonderful provision that is!

3 The first-century Jews needed to be delivered from what, but Zechariah's answer was: "From the hand of all our enemies and from the hand of all those hating us". (Luke 1:71) Does this mean that Jesus would deliver the nation from Roman oppression? (Zech. 3:10, 13) The Jews needed what Jehovah had promised through Zechariah, namely, deliverance in the form of forgiveness of sins. - Luke 1:77.

3. From what did first-century Jews need deliverance?

4 Like the Jews in Jesus' day, we are slaves to sin and death. (Rom. 5:12) Additionally, we face pressure from Satan and his demons, who try to deceive us and turn us away from serving Jehovah.

(John 3:16; Matt. 20:28) As imperfect humans, we seek Jehovah's forgiveness through the ransom, and our worship is acceptable to him on the basis of that ransom. (John 2:1, 2) Jesus is the means by which we are freed from sin.

6 How, then, can there be complete deliverance from sin and death as well as from Satan, his demons, and human enemies?

4. From what enemies do we need deliverance today?

5. How does Jesus set us free from sin?

6. What will Jesus do as King-Designate? (See also picture.)

August 21, 2026

Jehovah's provision of salvation through Jesus Christ (See paragraph 6)

(John 5:28; Rev. 22:1, 2) By the end of the thousand years, the effects of inherited sin and death will have been completely eliminated. (1 Cor. 15:26, 55-57) Then, during the final test, Satan, his demons, and their human allies will be completely destroyed. (Rev. 20:7-10) At that time, faithful ones will be able to worship Jehovah in a perfect way, free from sin, death, and opposition - all to the eternal praise of our God and his incomparable gift, including the ransom paid by Christ Jesus. - 2 Cor. 9:15.

WHAT WE BELIEVE: Our worship is acceptable to God

7 Read Luke 1:74, 75. According to Zechariah, Jehovah's gift of the ransom makes it possible for us "to render sacred service to God without fear". Our "sacred service" involves all aspects of our worship - preaching, praying, studying God's Word, and attending meetings, assemblies, and conventions.

8 What, then, does it mean to render Jehovah sacred service fearlessly?

7. According to Luke 1:74, 75, what privilege does Jehovah give his people?

8. What fears should we not have?

22 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

Even if we are threatened with death by opposers, we do not allow fear to overwhelm us, but we remain loyal to Jehovah because we know that even if we die, Jesus will resurrect us. (John 6:39, 40) Second, we do not need to fear our sinful condition.

9 Some may have difficulty accepting their service to Jehovah, perhaps because of past traumatic experiences, overwhelming guilt over long-standing sins, or even the need to seek Jehovah's forgiveness and the help of the elders.

10 To illustrate: A person with a broken leg receives medical attention and is trained in various exercises that help to strengthen the affected leg so that it will eventually be able to walk. However, if he feels that the injury is irreversible, he needs to trust his doctor and follow his instructions.

(John 1:16, 17; Rom. 3:23, 24; 1 John 3:19, 20) Take steps to make your recovery complete, such as praying, studying, and engaging in other spiritual activities. (Ps. 1:2; 1 Thess. 5:17; Heb. 10:25) Just as it takes time for a wound to heal, so it may take time for you to regain full confidence in Jehovah's love and forgiveness. (Phil. 3:16) And thank him every day for the strength he gives you to do his will faithfully. We are grateful to God and to Christ for the fearlessness with which we are able to render sacred service!

Our Responsibility to Save Life

12 Read Luke 1:76-79. Next, Zechariah told the baby Jesus: "You will go ahead of Jehovah to make his ways straight. How did these words come true? When John grew up, he became a zealous preacher. He encouraged the Jews to repent, to be baptized, and to have faith in the coming Messiah. After Jesus' baptism, John publicly identified Jesus as the one sent by God, saying: "See, the Lamb of God that takes away the sin of the world!"

9. (a) How do some feel? (b) Why?

10-11. What can you do if you are troubled by past sins? Give an example.

12. How did John prepare the way of Jehovah's discipline? (Luke 1:76-79)

What is the name of the book?

If we accept God's gift and treasure our privilege, we will zealously carry out the important work entrusted to us

(See also paragraph 16)

The Origin of Life - Five Questions Worth Asking

They would follow Jesus, the Messiah. - John 1:29, 34-36, 40, 41.

13 John's zeal to proclaim to as many people as possible that Jesus was the Messiah - Jehovah's means of salvation - was good news that everyone needed to hear because Zechariah foretold that the coming of the Messiah would be "the dawn of a new day" - a momentous event that would change the course of human history.

14 Jesus unveiled the good news in an unprecedented way, fulfilling Zechariah's prophecy to bring "light to those sitting in darkness and in the shadow of death". Yes, Jesus had deep compassion for the lowly and downtrodden, and he brought light to others by proclaiming "the undeserved kindness of Jehovah". (Read Isaiah 61:1, 2; Luke 4:16-21.)

15 Today, as followers of Christ, we treasure the privilege of sharing Jehovah's message of salvation with people now more than ever before because of what lies ahead - the great tribulation such as has not occurred since the world began.

13. What is implied by Zechariah's statement that the Messiah's arrival would be at daybreak?

14. What important work did Jesus and his disciples do? (Isaiah 61:1, 2)

15. Why is the preaching work important today?

24 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

(Matt. 25:34; Rev. 16:16; 19:19) It is vital that we continue to preach the good news now. - Matt. 24:14; Mark 13:10.

16 Zechariah's words recorded at Luke 1:68-79 remind us of three things that we treasure: God's gift of salvation, our privilege of fearlessly rendering sacred service to him, and the precious privilege of preaching the good news. that we may fearlessly render sacred service to him in holiness and righteousness all our days. - Luke 1:74, 75.

16. (See also pictures.) (b) What should we be determined to do?

COVER SUBJECT 24: Two Christian sisters witnessing from door to door; a brother sharing the good news with a coworker; a sister explaining the evidence of creation to a classmate and her teacher, all of whom are listening attentively.

According to the account at Luke 1:68-79, . . .

□ What precious gift has Jehovah given us?

□ What opportunity is opened up by Jesus' ransom?

□ What important work is entrusted to us?

SING 159 Give Jehovah the Glory He Deserves

How I Learned to Be a Good Witness

The Grand Creator Cares for Me

What is the meaning of the name Stephanie Landeroin?

WHY was it that I grew up not liking school, not doing well in school, not wanting to be alone, not wanting to be noticed, and not even thinking that God cared about me?

I grew up in Paris, France, in an atheistic family. At school, I was taught that life evolved by means of evolution. I believed this because I thought that everything I was taught at school was true. It sounded reasonable, but I did not research it.

My parents were deeply religious, and I felt that if there is a God, why is there so much suffering and injustice in the world, and since I had personally witnessed the hypocrisy of some who claimed to believe in a loving God, it was unreasonable to believe that he exists, even ridiculing those who did.

But now I am convinced that there is a Creator who cares about me in spite of my imperfections.

When I was 19 years old, I was drafted into the army and spent a year in French Guiana, South America. Little did I know then that my life would be shaped by such a beautiful setting.

When I was 20 years old, I returned to Paris and found that I had no real satisfaction and that my life was meaningless.

I was born in Paris, France, to an atheist family

26 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

I was shocked to see poverty, injustice, injustice, unjust oppression, and environmental degradation everywhere. I wanted to change, and then I thought about South America.

I THOUGHT I was going to die in French Guiana

When I returned to a remote village in French Guiana, where I had served in the army, I thought that living in the countryside would make me happier, but I soon returned to my old ways, working hard during the week and playing soccer on weekends.

At that time, I was given a Bible, and I began to read it with the hope of finding practical counsel that would help me to improve my life.

Some of my friends who were also searching for the meaning of life invited me to join them in their village in the forest called Unity.

We who were free and unoccupied, we who were slaves to idleness and luxury, to sleep and to sleep, to build and to build, to plant and to drink, to harvest and to distribute, to work in the fields, to eat and to drink, to hate and to be hated, to do right and to be loved.

I realized that we are all selfish, we all make mistakes, and gradually we all suffer from the same problems that people in other parts of the world suffer from. Some stayed for a few days, others for weeks, others for months, and I was there for more than two years.

I saw the land of the forest, and behold, it was good for the eyes; but I came to see and to count the fruit of the forest, but it was too much for me.

A. A tent in the village of Unity

B. In the jungle

A

A and B

I wondered, 'Why is the earth like this? It was made to be inhabited.' How is it possible that all these things were made by some man, whom I do not know?

I read the scriptures again, but now I want to know God's will, so I make the sign of the cross, even though I don't know why. I wonder if the Creator's name is Yah, because that's what we call him in our songs.

How I Came to Know Our Blessed Father

A friend of mine in the village met one of Jehovah's Witnesses and gave him the book You Can Live Forever in Paradise on Earth.* I read it and was moved by what I learned!

I realized that I needed to make changes in my life, but I could not do it on my own, so I arranged for another friend to meet Michel, a Witness missionary who was studying the Bible with him.

The very day that I met Michel, he took me to an assembly in Matoury, near the capital, Cayenne, about 150 miles [240 km] by sea. I had long hair and a beard, wore a scarlet coat and a thick coat.

One of the speakers at the convention discussed 1 Timothy 5:8, which clearly shows that a good head of a household cares for his family materially.

Published by Jehovah's Witnesses but now out of print.

I learned the truth in French Guiana, was baptized in France, and now serve in New Caledonia with my wife

French

FRENCH GUYANA French Guiana

What does it mean to be a Christian?

On our wedding day

Giving a talk to a Chinese group in 2006

Seeing the way that Jehovah cared for Michel helped me to believe that if I put spiritual things first in my life, I would have no need to worry; Jehovah would take care of me.

As my Bible study deepened, I began to make changes in my life - I stopped smoking marijuana, burned my last cigarettes, and stopped smoking. I gradually started attending Christian meetings, asked a brother to cut my long hair, and had it cut that very day at the Kingdom Hall.

A few weeks later, I left my village in French Guiana and returned to France, where I found a Kingdom Hall and accepted a Bible study with the Witnesses. My parents were impressed with the change in my life - I no longer smoked, drank, or went to nightclubs - but they were displeased with the way my mouth closed when I explained my beliefs to them.

I prayed to Jehovah to help me become a missionary like Michel, thinking that this would be the best way I could show my appreciation to Jehovah for all that he had done for me.

Our heavenly Father blesses those who are persecuted

Claudine, a beautiful young woman in our congregation, was zealous in the field ministry, and I could tell from her expressions at the meetings how much she loved Jehovah. I wanted to get to know her and see if we could be a good match, but first I wanted to know if Claudine would accept the missionary assignment as well.

I had to learn to think like a Chinese person and to cultivate an interest in Bible study. Although I did not understand Mandarin very well, I did what I could. We enjoyed preaching with the Chinese people, and we have fond memories of those days. Jehovah blessed us during those years, and the experiences we had prepared us for future assignments.

The Challenges We Face

For example, I felt that my efforts to serve Jehovah and the brothers were not worthwhile, and I wanted my talks to be well-prepared, which took up a lot of time and effort.

29th of AUGUST 2026

With my wife, now in the circuit work in New Caledonia

(Eccl. 7:16) I needed to understand that our loving Father, Jehovah, does not expect perfection from us; rather, he wants us to do our best.

In Paris, I was appointed a substitute circuit overseer, a job that I felt I was too young and inexperienced to handle, but I came to realize that Jehovah's spirit could help us to do what we could not do on our own.

Another challenge that I have faced since childhood has been a chronic illness that causes me to sweat profusely, especially in my hands. It gets worse when I am nervous, for example, when speaking before large audiences at assemblies and conventions. But after praying to Jehovah for help, my anxiety subsides.

Then, in 2011, our dream came true when we received an assignment to serve as missionaries in New Caledonia, an isolated island in the Southwest Pacific, some 10,000 miles (16,000 km) from Paris. There, we had to learn to eat foods that were unfamiliar to us, such as cabbage, mango, and potatoes.

Jehovah has helped us to adjust to new assignments, such as missionary service, years at Bethel, attending the School for Kingdom Evangelizers, and now serving as circuit overseers. In each of these assignments, we have experienced Jehovah's backing by means of his spirit. With God's help I was humble in the presence of many, but in the presence of others I was humble.

My wife, Claudine, has been a great comfort to me. She has been patient and supportive, always ready to go out in the field, and never complaining about the heat and the challenges of the circuit work.

At the first assembly I attended, I learned that our Grand Creator, Jehovah, always cares for his people, and I was blessed with many blessings as a result of putting his service first in my life. Jehovah helped me to learn how to be submissive to governmental authorities and to those taking the lead among his people. I was rewarded with many true friends, a wonderful wife, and the prospect of living forever to enjoy Jehovah's many gifts. - Mark 10:29, 30.

30 From Our Readers

DID you know?

What was the role of city gates in ancient Israel?

IN ANCIENT times, city gates were the main entrance to a city, but since so many people passed through them, city gates became the focal point of daily life, being mentioned more than 50 times in the Bible.

The word "gate" in Hebrew refers to more than just the gateway to a city; it can also refer to the tented area or courtyard at the entrance to the city gates.

Some of the gates of Jerusalem, such as the Fish Gate and the Sheep Gate, may have had similar names to those used for trade. - Zeph. 1:10; John 5:2.

(Gen. 23:10-15, 17, 18; Ruth 4:1, 10) Travelers would spend the night on the streets near the city gates when no one was there to greet them during the year. (Deut. 19:15-21) Others would go to the gates to find out what was going on. - 2 Sam. 18:24, 25.

(Deuteronomy 21:18-20) The public hearing of a case ensured impartiality and justice, and when the judges rendered their verdicts, the authorities were quick to enforce them. (Deuteronomy 25:2) Both Jehovah and the nation expected judges at the city gates to do what was right, to be morally upright, and to encourage others to do the same. - Deuteronomy 16:18-20; Job 29:7, 11-17.

A lot happens in the city gates every day

(1 Ki. 22:10; Jer. 17:19, 20) For example, at the gates of the city, Jehu publicly declared that Jehovah's words against the house of Ahab had been fulfilled. (2 Ki. 10:8-10) Hezekiah assembled the military commanders at the gates of the city and urged them to trust in Jehovah. - 2 Chron. 32:6-8.

(Prov. 1:20, 21) Today, we rejoice that Jehovah's wisdom is revealed in the Bible, and his people around the world are helping others to search for it.

31 of AUGUST of the year 2026

THE WORLD is witnessing to Jehovah's Kingdom

This article is part of our special coverage of Awake! of August 2026, Vol. 147, No. 8.

In this article

Study articles for October 5 to 11

Resist Satan's LiesBelieve in Jehovah and Jesus

Study articles for October 12 to 18

You Can Win the Battle Against Satan and the Demons!

Study articles for October 19 to 25

Let All Your Activities Be Motivated by Love

Study articles for October 26 through November 1

Appreciate Your Privilege of Serving Jehovah

The Bible - What Does It Really Teach?

The Grand Creator Has Been Good to Me

DID you know?

What was the role of city gates in ancient Israel?

What does the Bible say?

A Fast-Growing Tree

"What is the significance of the thorn-bush, which is the tree of life, whose root is in the earth and whose bark is in the heavens?

At Jeremiah 7:25, Jehovah described himself as "rising up early in the morning" and appointing his prophets. The March 15, 2011, issue of The Watchtower stated: "Just as the early morning dew is a symbol of Jehovah's early rising, so Jehovah will figuratively rise early to warn his people of the consequences of disobedience, and he will continue to do so until his prophetic word is completely fulfilled". - Jer. 1:11, 12.

(Eccl. 12:5) The golden lampstands used in the temple may have been made in the shape of the acacia tree, perhaps because of its beauty. - Ex. 37:17-20.

This publication is not for sale. It is part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations.

Unless otherwise indicated, Scripture quotations are from the modern-language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) August 2026 is published by the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania. It is free and open to the public.

Go to jw.org, or scan this code on your mobile device

What is the purpose of JW.ORG®?

w26.08-EW