September of the year 2026

The Watchtower Announces the Kingdom of Jehovah

This article will help you to do so.

NOVEMBER 2 to 8, 2026

3 Our Strength, Our Hope, and Our Confidence

What Does the Bible Really Teach?

Why we can be confident that Jehovah will protect us now and in the future.

Trust in Jehovah to Protect You

You have said: "Jehovah is my refuge". - PS. 91:9.

JEHOVAH will use his "thought" to put it into the hearts of the nations of the earth to give their kingdom to the wild beast - the United Nations.* (Rev. 17:17) Then, the beast will join with the worldly political systems in attacking the world empire of false religion and wiping it out completely. (Rev. 17:16) This will mark the beginning of the great tribulation.

(Ezek. 38:14-16) The book True Worship - Jehovah's Resurrection! explains why: Satan will continue to influence the nations with the aim of destroying Jehovah's people and wiping out true worship from the earth.This will lead to the first-ever world war of Armageddon.

3 When Jesus comes with heavenly armies to destroy this world

* See "Questions From Readers" in the November 1, 2025, issue of The Watchtower.

What earthshaking events will soon take place?

3. What will we consider in this article?

2

That promise is found at Psalm 91:7, where we read: "A thousand will fall at your side and ten thousand at your right hand; but it will not come near to you". Let us examine Psalm 91 in more detail and answer the following questions: What kind of protection was foretold in Psalm 91?

Why We Can Be Confident That Jehovah Is Our Refuge

(Read Psalm 91:1, 2.) What could be more meaningful than finding refuge under the wings of the Almighty, the Most High? (Ruth 2:12; Job 17:8) The words "refuge" and "stronghold" evoke the idea of a walled city surrounding and protecting the city and its inhabitants. In the verses that follow, the psalmist uses figurative language to help us visualize how Jehovah protects his people. - Ps. 91:3-13.

5 The concluding words of Psalm 91 are:

4. How does Psalm 91:1, 2 assure us that Jehovah will safeguard us?

What assurance does Jehovah give at Psalm 91:14-16, and what assurance does it provide?

(Read Psalm 91:14-16.) Consider, too, the following expressions: "I will rescue him", "I will protect him", "I will deliver him", "I will stand behind him", and "I will satisfy the needs of his people". Jehovah promises to save those who trust in him, who know his name, and who call upon him.

6 Jehovah inspired the words of Psalm 91 to build our confidence in his protective care. (Rom. 15:4) And we can join the psalmist in saying to Jehovah: "You are my refuge and my stronghold". (Ps. 91:2) What kind of protection, then, can we expect from Jehovah?

What does Psalm 91 tell us about Jehovah's blessings?

7 In the past, our publications have explained that Psalm 91 contains a promise of spiritual protection. We can be confident that Jehovah will provide what we need to maintain our relationship with him. But does this psalm speak only of spiritual protection?

7. What protection from Jehovah is foretold in Psalm 91?

September of the year 2026

3

8 When Satan tried to tempt Jesus with the words found at Psalm 91:11, 12, saying that Jehovah would protect him from harm if he threw himself down from the temple, Jesus replied: "Do not put Jehovah your God to the test". (Read Matthew 4:5-7.)

9 Jesus was well-aware that Jehovah at times uses angels to protect His people when their enemies seek to harm them. (2 Ki. 6:15-17; 19:34, 35; Dan. 3:19, 20, 26-28; 6:16-22) Jesus knew that if he were to risk his life, he could not expect Jehovah's angels to protect him. However, he was wrong to urge Jesus to put Jehovah to the test by risking his life.* Jesus' reply to Satan helps us to understand from Psalm 91 that Jehovah not only protects his loyal ones from being annihilated by their enemies but also provides spiritual protection and peace for them.

10 Jehovah's Promise to Us in Psalm 91

In the past, our publications explained that Psalm 91 relates to Jehovah's promise of spiritual protection and that Satan had a hand in the assertion that Psalm 91 relates to Jehovah's promise to protect His servants from harm or injury. - See The Watchtower, December 1, 1974, p. 722.

8-9. How did Jesus respond to Satan's temptations, and what can we learn from Jesus' example? (Matthew 4:5-7)

10. What confidence can we have?

We are confident that Jehovah will act in a similar way toward those who trust in him as their refuge and stronghold. Therefore, we have no reason to be terrified by the earthshaking events that lie ahead. Let us consider how Jehovah protects us now and how he will do so in the future.

HOW is Jehovah a refuge for us today?

11 Jehovah protects us spiritually by means of the constant battle we have to fight against our sinful inclinations, even though he knows how deeply we can be affected by them. (Rom. 6:16; 7:21-23) Let us consider some of the ways in which Jehovah helps us to resist our sinful inclinations.

12 For example, consider Jesus' words recorded at Matthew 5:28, 29: "Everyone that keeps on looking at a woman so as to have a passion for her has already committed adultery with her in his heart".

(Jas. 1:14, 15) To counteract such immoral desires, we need to take immediate action in harmony with Jesus' counsel: "If, now, that right eye of yours is making you stumble, tear it out and throw it away from you".

11. In what ways does Jehovah protect us spiritually?

12-13. What will help us to fight against wrong desires? (Matthew 5:28, 29)

4

What Does It Mean?

Through the Christian congregation, Jehovah provides food in the form of publications, videos, and other material to help us protect our spirituality (See paragraph 15)

(Col. 3:5) Applying this counsel will help us to safeguard our relationship with Jehovah.

14 Jehovah gives us his holy spirit to help us in our fight against sinful tendencies, and he will not fail to give it to us if we keep asking for it. (Luke 11:9-13) How does that help us? The apostle Paul said: "Keep walking by spirit and you will carry out no fleshly desire at all". (Gal. 5:16) The New English Bible reads: "A person who walks by spirit seeks God's holy spirit and allows it to influence his thinking and actions. Jehovah's spirit does not eliminate wrong desires, but it can give us the strength to resist wrong desires and to do what is right.

15 Jehovah uses the Christian congregation to provide timely spiritual food, such as publications, videos, and so forth, to help us stay spiritually strong.

14. How does holy spirit help us?

15. How does Jehovah use the congregation to protect us spiritually? (See also pictures.)

5 SEPTEMBER 2026 What is the world coming to?

(Matt. 4:3; 6:13) Jehovah's organization has provided an abundance of spiritual food that gives us confidence in Jehovah's forgiveness, in his value to us, and in his ability to keep his promise to care for our physical needs. - Ps. 86:5; Matt. 10:29-31; Luke 12:28; Heb. 10:24, 25. (Heb. 13:5) Can you recall a time when you read something in a Christian publication or watched a video that touched your heart so much that you thought, 'This is what I needed'?

16 Jehovah safeguards his people by protecting them from their enemies so that Satan's accusations can be proved false. (Rev. 2:10; 6:9) However, the few Christians who have suffered death at the hands of Satan's persecutors have learned valuable lessons, for Satan is furious and wants to wipe out all of Jehovah's faithful servants. (Matt. 24:9; Rev. 12:9-12) Nevertheless, we can be confident that Jehovah uses his angels to protect us from our enemies so that we can continue to render sacred service to him. - Heb. 1:7, 14.

(Prov. 14:29, 30; 22:3; 2 Cor. 7:1) In the meantime, however, we do not expect Jehovah to deliver us from every kind of adversity, for Satan's claim that we serve God only for the sake of personal security is unfounded. (Job 1:10, 11) Jehovah has been long-suffering toward those who persecute his servants because he wants to clear his name and prove Satan a liar. (Rom. 9:22) But in the meantime, Jehovah will give us the strength we need to endure trials and to protect our spirituality. - 1 Cor. 10:13; 1 Pet. 5:10.

HOW can Jehovah be our refuge forever?

(Ezek. 38:1, 2, 10-16) Rather, by means of Jesus Christ and his heavenly armies, Jehovah will bring about the final destruction of his enemies at Armageddon. (Rev. 17:12-14; 19:11, 14, 15) How will Jehovah protect his people at Armageddon?

19 When Jehovah's enemies are destroyed at Armageddon, we do not need to fear because we have made Jehovah our refuge and stronghold.

16. (a) What kind of trials does Jehovah allow some of his servants to experience? (b) What does Jehovah do in behalf of his servants?

17. Why should we not expect that Jehovah will immediately remove a trial from our life?

18. What protection will Jehovah provide for us in the future?

19-20. Why do we not need to fear the coming destruction of Jehovah's enemies at Armageddon? (See opening picture.)

6

What Does It Mean?

When Jesus and the heavenly armies come to destroy the world at Armageddon, not one of God's enemies will be found alive.

(Jer. 25:33; Zech. 14:12) But because of our trust in Jehovah, he will not allow any enemy, demon or human, to destroy us. - Luke 21:28; 2 Pet. 2:9.

20 When Armageddon strikes, the psalmist's words inspired by the Almighty may well be fulfilled: "A thousand will fall at your very side, and ten thousand at your right hand; to you it will not come near, that you may see with your eyes the repayment of the wicked ones, because you have made the Most High himself your dwelling, because you have said: 'Jehovah is my refuge.'" For thou hast said, Jehovah is my refuge, and Jehovah hath said unto thee, Thou shalt not come near unto me.

PICTURE DESCRIPTION: At Armageddon, Jehovah will protect his people from harm and will bless them with peace.

How Would You Answer?

□ Psalm 91 says that Jehovah will protect us in what way?

□ How does Jehovah protect us today?

□ How will Jehovah protect us in the future?

8 Jehovah Is Our Refuge

What does the Bible say?

We Guard Our Hearts!

What Does the Bible Really Teach?

To obey Jehovah from the heart.

How to Maintain Heartfelt Obedience to Jehovah

"Be obedient from the heart". - ROM. 6:17.

(Matt. 23:5) On the other hand, we obey God primarily because we want to benefit from his guidance in all areas of life. (Isa. 48:17, 18) Yet, there is another reason why we obey God.

2 We obey Jehovah primarily because we love him. (Matt. 22:37, 38) Our love for God moves us to obey him willingly and wholeheartedly. (Rom. 6:17) Love for Jehovah moves us to obey him when we are alone or when others are watching or listening to us. Then consider the fine example of King Jehoshaphat of Judah.

Doing What Is Right and Doing What Is Right

3 Just before Jehovah delivered the Israelites from Egypt, he gave them instructions that might have been difficult for them to obey.

1. What motivates some to obey those in authority?

2. What is the foremost reason for obeying Jehovah?

3. Why might it have been difficult for the Israelites to obey Jehovah's command to smear animal blood on their doorposts and doorposts? (See also pictures.)

8

Although threatened by the wrath of Egypt, the Israelites obeyed Jehovah's directions (See paragraph 3)

(Ex. 12:5, 7) The Israelites who obeyed this command were spared the firstborn of their households and of their animals. Yet, the Israelites could have reasoned that obeying God's command would result in their being persecuted by the Egyptians, who worshipped sheep. (Num. 12:28) In a similar way, their firstborn sons were spared.

4 That very night, Jehovah led the Israelites northward along the Red Sea, and then he gave them strange directions - to take a southern route between the Red Sea and the mountains, whereas the pursuing armies would be trapped, drowned in the Red Sea. (Ex. 14:1-4) When the Israelites saw the Egyptians closing in on them, however, they became frightened and blamed Moses for leading them out of danger. (Ex. 14:5-11) Why did their initial obedience turn sour, and how did Jehovah feel about it?

5 At the Red Sea, however, the Israelites showed little appreciation for Jehovah's miraculous works and for his loyal love. (Read Psalm 106:7.) When Jehovah brought the tenth plague on the Egyptians, he preserved Israel's firstborn and their livestock before the Israelites. Even after following Moses across the Red Sea, they did not change their ways; they continued to rebel against Jehovah.

4. What direction did Jehovah give to the Israelites after they left Egypt?

5. Why did Jehovah reject Israel? (Psalm 106:7)

9 SEPTEMBER 2026 What is the future of mankind?

In the end, Jehovah rejected the disobedient nation and did not allow any of them to enter the Promised Land. (Ps. 106:21, 24-26) What lesson can we learn from such examples?

Learn From the Example of the Israelites

6 When we receive a specific direction from Jehovah or from responsible ones, we might ask ourselves: 'Do I obey because the direction is reasonable and practical, or do I sprinkle the blood of the lamb on the doorposts of my vessels merely to avoid the death of my firstborn, or do I obey because I am surrounded by people who do not know Jehovah?' (Ex. 14:10-12) We do not want to be like them. When we receive direction from Jehovah or from those appointed to take the lead, we trust and obey. (Read Jeremiah 23:4.)

7 Keep your love for Jehovah strong. If we do not understand or do not see the practical application of some direction from Jehovah's organization, or if we find it difficult to follow it, what should we do?

(1 John 5:3) Our love for Jehovah will help us to wait patiently for the time when we will see the benefits of our obedience. - Eccl. 7:8; Mic. 7:7.

8 Similarly today, we humbly submit to Jehovah's direction even when we do not fully understand it or do not see how it applies to our situation. For example, during the outbreak of COVID-19, the congregation was encouraged to conduct Bible studies by telephone or by zoom. Toward the end of 2020, the Governing Body announced a new arrangement - no more foreign-language groups or groups, and no more foreign-language groups or groups. A sister in Japan said: I want to be obedient rather than rebellious. I know that this change will bring many blessings.

9 Prepare now for persecution By applying ourselves to the preaching work now more than ever before, we will be able to withstand any future opposition.

(Jeremiah 23:4) What does it mean to have complete trust in Jehovah?

7. How does growing in love for Jehovah help us to be obedient to him?

8. How did two Christians show their determination to obey Jehovah?

9. (See also picture.) (b) How can we prepare for persecution?

10 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

(Matt. 24:14) Moreover, during the great tribulation, the heat of the preaching work will likely be more intense than it has been in the past, giving people the opportunity to decide whether to support human governments or God's Kingdom. (Matt. 16:21) To prepare for such opposition, we need to obey Jehovah and keep on preaching during this time of the end.

Imitate the Example of King Jehoshaphat

10 The Bible contains many examples of obedience that we can imitate.

* See "Questions From Readers" in the August 1, 2025, issue of The Watchtower.

10. How did King Jehoshaphat feel when the coalition of nations came against Judah?

(2 Chron. 20:1-3) But instead of yielding to fear, the king trusted fully in Jehovah's guidance. Let us consider how Jehoshaphat showed that he trusted in God and what we can learn from his example.

11 Jehoshaphat resolved to "seek Jehovah". (2 Chron. 20:3) Jehoshaphat had the habit of "seeking Jehovah in all his ways". (2 Chron. 19:3) So when the nations united to attack Judah, Jehoshaphat knew that this was the time to seek Jehovah's direction, and he prayed to Jehovah wholeheartedly. (Read 2 Chronicles 20:5, 6, 10-12.) If so, we can imitate the good example of Jehoshaphat. - Ps. 119:112.

11. What did Jehoshaphat do when faced with fear? (2 Chronicles 20:5, 6, 10-12)

By learning to obey God's voice, we prepare ourselves for future opposition (See paragraph 9)

11

Shepherds obey Jehovah, the congregation, and fellow shepherds (See paragraph 16)

12 Jehoshaphat's knowledge of God's Word is evident from his heartfelt prayer to God, for he was well-aware of the fulfillment of Jehovah's promise to Abraham that his descendants would inherit the Promised Land. (Gen. 12:7) His prayer echoed Solomon's prayer at the dedication of the temple. (2 Chron. 6:28-30; 20:5-9) This knowledge helped Jehoshaphat to rely on God and to be determined to obey him.

13 Jehoshaphat humbly accepted God's direction, and we can imitate his humility by obeying God's direction regardless of the circumstances in which we find ourselves. - Phil. 2:5, 8.

12. How can we strengthen our resolve to obey Jehovah?

13. What benefits come from being humble?

14 In answer to Jehoshaphat's prayer, Jehovah used the prophet Jahaziel to give him clear direction that the people would not be the ones to fight: "Stand still and see the salvation of Jehovah in your behalf". (2 Chron. 20:14-20) The next day, Jehoshaphat and his people marched out against the enemy.

15 Jehoshaphat's faith moved him to "consult with the people" and "to appoint men to lead the singers and musicians and not to lead the warriors". (2 Chron. 20:21) Note, too, that his decision to consult with the people encouraged them to trust in Jehovah and obey him, and with Jehovah's blessing, the enemy was defeated. - 2 Chron. 20:22-24.

14. (a) How did Jehoshaphat respond to Jehovah's direction? (b) How did the people react?

15. How did Jehoshaphat show great faith?

12 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

16 Elders, parents, and those who have authority in the congregation can learn much from Jehoshaphat's heartfelt obedience, which moved the people to obey, as did King Solomon, who prayed for a humble heart so that he could rule his people well and judge his people in harmony with Jehovah's wisdom. (Read 1 Kings 3:9.) Jehoshaphat humbly listened to God's prophet, consulted with the people before making important decisions, and encouraged them to follow Jehovah's direction. Elders today imitate Jehoshaphat by seeking Jehovah's guidance in his Word and in our publications before making decisions that affect the congregation.

(Prov. 15:22) By word and example, they encourage God's people to obey Jehovah from the heart. Parents do well to remember that their children depend on their example and that obeying Jehovah will make it easier for their children to do the same. - Prov. 1:8; 14:1.

17 As in the past, Jehovah provides direction to his people today by means of the Governing Body and the appointed men in the congregations, even when we do not fully understand the direction they give or do not see how it will benefit us.

16. How can elders and parents imitate Jehoshaphat? (1 Ki. 3:9) (See also picture.)

17. Why should we always obey Jehovah from the heart?

How Would You Answer?

□ What lessons can we learn from the disobedience of the Israelites after they left Egypt?

□ How did Jehoshaphat show that he had a humble heart?

□ How can we imitate Jehoshaphat?

SING 88 Make My Paths Known to Me

What does the Bible say?

Preaching the Good News in All the Languages of the Nations

SING 84 Giving of Ourselves in Support of the Work

See how Jehovah's Witnesses have seen the fulfillment of Zechariah 8:23.

"Ten men out of all the languages of the nations will take hold of the skirt of a Jew". - JAS. 8:23.

JEHOVAH confused the language of the builders of the tower of Babel and disrupted their work, causing the people to be scattered all over the earth. (Gen. 11:6-9) However, Jehovah has promised that he will gather "a great crowd, which no man was able to number, out of all nations and tribes and peoples and tongues", through the great tribulation and into the new world. (Read Romans 10:13, 14) What a privilege it is to share in this lifesaving work!

2 Centuries before the apostle John wrote the book of Revelation, Jehovah inspired the prophet Zechariah to foretell that people from many nations would join themselves to Jehovah as his special people. (Zech. 2:11) Zechariah later prophesied: "'In those days,' Jehovah of armies has said, 'ten men out of all the languages of the nations will take hold, yes, they will actually take hold of the skirt of a man who is a Jew, and they will say: "We will go with you people, for we have heard that God is with you people".'"

1. Why is it so important to preach the good news in many languages? (Romans 10:13, 14)

2. What did Jehovah cause the prophet Zechariah to prophesy?

14

(Zech. 8:23) Let us see how we personally can share in the fulfillment of this prophecy today.

THE GOOD NEWS reaches more people than ever before

3 In Zechariah's prophecy, the "Jewish man" represents those who are anointed by holy spirit, who are also called "the Israel of God". (Gal. 6:16) These ones have the heavenly hope. (Heb. 3:1) What about the "ten men"?

4 When Christ appointed the faithful and discreet slave class in 1919, it became clear that there was a great need for translation of the Bible's message of hope into many more languages. (Matt. 24:45) The Bible Students had already begun showing the "Photo-Drama of Creation" in many lands by means of a moving video presentation. When in 1935 the faithful slave class discerned that the "ten men out of all the languages of the nations" were to be found on earth in the year 1914, those taking the lead felt the need to expand the preaching work, and they began to make preparations to expand the preaching work to the ends of the earth in fulfillment of Zechariah's prophecy.

Our People Will Offer Themselves Willingly

5 As Isaiah prophesied, people of all nations are coming to Jehovah's footstool to be taught by him. (Read Isaiah 2:2-4.) So to reach these sincere people, God's people have worked tirelessly to translate, print, and distribute the Bible's message in their mother tongue. (Ps. 68:11; 110:3) In addition, the jw.org website and the JW Library® app are now available in many languages, helping people to hear the good news in their mother tongue.

6 One way that we show our appreciation for the spiritual provisions made by the faithful and discreet slave class is by contributing financially to the worldwide Kingdom-preaching work.

7 Today, though people in the world

3. Who today are represented by the "Jew" and by the "ten men" of Zechariah's prophecy?

4. After Christ appointed the faithful and discreet slave in 1919, what responsibility was discerned?

5-6. How is Isaiah 2:2-4 being fulfilled today? (See also pictures.)

7. How does the fulfillment of Zechariah's and John's prophecies affect us? (Revelation 14:6)

What does the Bible say?

People of many nationalities and languages benefit from the spiritual food provided by the faithful and discreet slave (See paragraphs 5-6)

With the help of angels, we are sharing the good news of God's Kingdom with "every nation and tribe and tongue and people". (Read Revelation 14:6.)

(Acts 2:4-10) He wanted them to teach the crowds "about the magnificent things of God" in their own languages. (Acts 2:11) We have literature and videos in hundreds of languages, so it is as if we were speaking to people in their mother tongue.

9 To illustrate: Suppose you are traveling abroad and you need to see a doctor who treats you for a serious illness, but you do not know the language of the doctor, so you need someone to interpret what he says.

What Jehovah Is Doing in Our Time

8 On the day of Pentecost 33 C.E., Jehovah miraculously showed that, just as he confused the language at Babel, he would change the language of the world.

8. What powerful miracle did Jehovah perform on the day of Pentecost 33 C.E.?

9. How can we preach to those whose language we do not understand?

16 What Does It Mean to Be a Christian?

The Bible's timeless wisdom enables us to help people find comfort and hope in the Bible, even if they do not speak the same language as we do.

10 How can we use our wide variety of publications and the JW Library app to help others? For example, while witnessing in the street, Robert, who speaks English, met a man from Turkey who was working at a border crossing. Robert: "We talked for about an hour, and by the end of our conversation, he was convinced that the Bible is a wonderful book that can change his life".

11 You might be surprised at the effect that a tract or an article from jw.org can have on a person whose native language is not your language.

10-11. What lessons can we learn from the experience of Robert and from the box "He Was Discouraged and Disillusioned"?

Lub Neej huam tshab Qab Ntut Tshiab thiab Tsoom

Disillusioned but Hopeful

Youa, an immigrant from her homeland in the United States, had a very difficult life. She did not know English; she spoke only Hmong. Her husband forbade her to read any literature, including the Bible. One of her daughters came into the truth and began attending meetings in the Hmong language, and a Bible study was arranged for her, which helped her to come to know Jehovah and to serve him.

17 SEPTEMBER 2026 How can we be sure that Jehovah will not abandon us?

We Are Helping People Worldwide to Know Jehovah's Name

12 In recent years, another publication that has helped to unify God's people worldwide has been the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures.* Regarding this translation, an elder in Nepal said: "Every time I read it in my mother tongue, I feel as if Jehovah himself is speaking to me. The New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures has been translated, in whole or in part, into more than 300 languages. By means of this translation, Jehovah's people worldwide are united in their beliefs, teach the same Bible message, and preach the same message with accuracy and clarity.

13 Unlike most other Bible translations, the New World Translation does not contain God's name, Jehovah.

In the third century B.C.E., the first complete translation of the Hebrew Scriptures into Greek was produced, known as the Greek Septuagint.

12. How have Jehovah's people benefited from the New World Translation?

13. Why have many Bible translations omitted God's name?

In contrast, the clergy of Christendom, who claim to represent God, refuse to make known or even pronounce the divine name, even removing it from their Bibles and publications, as did the clergy of the Catholic Church.* Unlike many other churches, the New World Translation restores God's name to its rightful place in the Scriptures. Why is it important to know God's name?

(Ps. 135:1) Similarly, in his model prayer to Jehovah, Jesus said: "Let your name be sanctified". On another occasion, Jesus prayed: "I have made your name known". (Matt. 6:9; John 17:26) Quoting the prophet Joel, the apostle Paul wrote: "Everyone who calls on the name of Jehovah will be saved". (Rom. 10:13) How can those who use translations that omit the divine name obey this command?

15 Most of Jehovah's Witnesses in

* In 2008, Pope Benedict XVI issued a decree directing the Catholic Church "not to pronounce the divine name in liturgical services". See also The Watchtower, October 1, 1997, pages 16-18, pages 4-8.

14. Why is it important to know and use God's name?

15. What should be our attitude toward God's name, Jehovah?

18 What Does It Mean to Be a Christian?

We are grateful that we know God's name and what it stands for. - Prov. 18:10; Isa. 56:6.

16 The Bible foretells that the great conflict between Jehovah and the kings of the earth will soon take place. (Rev. 16:14) Jehovah will protect those who know him and trust in him during that momentous day. (Ps. 9:10; read John 17:3) However, those who have not acknowledged Jehovah as their Father and God will have to acknowledge that he is the Almighty when the time comes for him to act. (Ezek. 38:23) At that time, what joy it will be for Jehovah's servants to know that Jehovah is their Friend and their Deliverer! - Mal. 3:16.

16. Why is it especially important for people to come to know Jehovah now? (John 17:3)

17 What a privilege it is for us to share in the fulfillment of Zechariah 8:23 by working alongside our spiritual brothers and sisters as well as the heavenly armies of angels to help us preach the good news in all the languages spoken throughout the earth and to equip us to preach the good news to people of all nations, tribes, and tongues! Until the sanctification of Jehovah's name is complete, may we zealously proclaim the good news, making his name known to all. - Luke 11:2.

17. Jehovah has given us what precious privilege?

How Would You Answer?

□ Who are represented by the "Jew" and the "ten men" of Zechariah 8:23?

□ What has made it possible for people of all languages to learn about Jehovah?

□ Why is it important for people to know and use Jehovah's name?

57 Preaching to People of All Sorts

What is the Bible's view of marriage?

Psalm 107 - The Example of Love

What Does the Bible Really Teach?

How Jehoash's priestly arrangement helps us to draw close to him.

A Reflection of God's Love in the Priesthood

Every high priest is selected from among men and is appointed to serve in their behalf.

(Eph. 2:12; Col. 1:21) Because of sin, we are separated from God, as it were, and we cannot live independently of him. Without Jehovah's help, we cannot have a satisfying life, we cannot hope for the future, and we cannot live independently of him.

2 To that end, Jehovah provided a priesthood arrangement that benefited ancient Israel and first-century Christians, and it continues to benefit Christians today. This article will examine how faithful men and women of old benefited from that priesthood arrangement, how it benefits us now and in the future, and how the priesthood arrangement reflects Jehovah's great love for us.

1. Why do all humans desperately need help?

2. What will we consider in this article?

20

Sin further eroded our relationship with Jehovah; the priesthood arrangement served as a bridge between us and him (See paragraph 3)

How Priests Helped Ancient Israel

3 The apostle Paul explained why Jehovah appointed a High Priest for the nation of Israel. (Read Hebrews 5:1.) Jehovah wanted the Israelites to have access to him.

Malachi 2:7 says: "It is the priest's lips that should keep knowledge, and it is from his mouth that people should seek law, because he is the messenger of Jehovah of armies". Thus, it was the responsibility of the priesthood to explain the Mosaic Law to the people and to help them apply it. They also "explained it", "made the meaning of what was read clear", enabling the people to apply God's law and draw close to God. - Neh. 8:2, 3, 6-8.

The Israelites knew that they were sinners and needed to be forgiven for their sins (Ps. 51:9) That is why Jehovah provided a priesthood to offer animal sacrifices in their behalf.

3. According to Hebrews 5:1, how did the priesthood serve as a means of approach to Jehovah? (See also picture.)

4. How did the priesthood represent God in Israel's behalf?

5. How did Israel's priests care for the spiritual needs of the people, and what does this teach us about Jehovah?

21 SEPTEMBER 2026 What is the future of the earth?

love, compassion, consideration for his servants, and ultimately, eternal life.

How Jehovah Used Priests in the Past, Today, and Forever

(Gen. 8:20) Abraham built an altar to Jehovah and offered sacrifices on it (Gen. 12:7, 8) Job offered up burnt offerings for his sons and daughters (Job 1:5) So it is reasonable to conclude that long before the Levites served as priests in Israel, the priests were appointed by God. Jehovah commanded the Israelite priests and family heads who regularly approached him to keep themselves clean. - Ex. 19:22.

7 Melchizedek was the first priest mentioned in the Bible. (Gen. 14:18) He was also a king, for Jehovah promised that the Messianic "seed" would serve as a king and a priest like Melchizedek, bringing everlasting benefits to mankind. - Ps. 110:4; Heb. 7:17.

8 As noted earlier, when Jehovah organized the Israelites as his nation, not only did he provide the priesthood but he also gave them the Mosaic Law, which outlined the duties of the priesthood. Jehovah appointed Moses' brother, Aaron, as High Priest and specified that the office of High Priest was to be filled by Aaron's descendants. (Ex. 40:12-15) The high priest offered sacrifices on behalf of the nation, and the Levites assisted the priests in offering individual sacrifices on behalf of the nation. This arrangement was a foreshadowing of what was to come.

9 At his baptism, Jesus was anointed as High Priest of Jehovah's great spiritual temple. (Heb. 8:1) Thereafter, by offering his perfect human life as a sacrifice once for all time to make atonement for sins, Jesus' sacrifice was no match for the animal sacrifices made for Israel. (1 Pet. 1:3, 4; 2:9) After being resurrected to heavenly life, we eagerly await the time when they will share with God and Christ in helping obedient mankind to reach perfection and in transforming the earth into a paradise.

10 During the Thousand Year Reign of Christ, Jesus and his 144,000 corulers will continue to serve as priests until all mankind has been restored to perfection.

6. What parallel is there between the role of family heads and that of the priesthood?

7. Who was Melchizedek, and how is he like the Messiah?

8. Under the Law, what arrangements were made for the priesthood?

9-10. Who will rule with Jesus during the Millennial Reign?

22 Watching the World

How Missionary Training Affects Us as Jehovah's Witnesses

11 The arrangement for a priesthood underscores Jehovah's desire for us to have a close, personal relationship with him, even though we are separated from him by sin. Jehovah wants us to have a relationship with him that is acceptable to him and that is based on his promise of everlasting life. (2 Cor. 5:18) Do you not feel moved to reflect on his compassion for us and his willingness to help us as individuals who have inherited sin from our forefather Adam?

12 Likewise, Jesus is keenly interested in our relationship with Jehovah, and as our Chief Counselor, he serves as our Advocate with the Father. (1 John 2:1; read Hebrews 7:25.) Thus, we can be confident that Jesus' supplications will be heard because of Jehovah's abundant mercy and his willingness to forgive. (Ps. 86:5) Yes, Jehovah provided Jesus as a ransom.

13 Now the order of the priesthood is clear:

11. How does the arrangement for the priesthood show that Jehovah wants you to have a close relationship with him?

12. (a) Why is Jesus' role as our High Priest a source of comfort? (b) Why is Jesus' role as our High Priest a source of comfort? (Heb. 7:25) (See also picture.)

13. According to Hebrews 4:16, what further benefits do we receive from the priesthood arrangement?

When Jesus, our High Priest, intercedes for us, he is aware of our good conduct, our loyalty to Jehovah, our prayers for forgiveness, and our efforts to do what is right (See paragraph 12)

(Read Hebrews 4:16.) At times, though, we may feel overwhelmed by grief and not know how to pour out our heart to our heavenly Father. (Rom. 8:26) Still, if we are experiencing distress, we should not hesitate to pour out our heart to our loving heavenly Father. Because of his love for us, our words are pleasing to him.

14 The arrangement of the priesthood also underscores Jehovah's concern for our eternal welfare (Ezek. 33:11) Similarly, the animal sacrifices offered by God's people in the past could not completely atone for the sins of God's people. (Heb. 7:19) Rather, they served as a shadow of the perfect sacrifice that Christ Jesus would offer, making it possible for us to receive complete forgiveness of sins on the basis of Jesus' sacrifice and the prospect of everlasting life for those who serve Jehovah faithfully.

(Phil. 2:8; Rev. 2:10) They must strive to be loyal to Jehovah in all circumstances and under all circumstances. Because of the faithfulness of Jesus and his 144,000 corulers, we can be confident that during Christ's Thousand Year Reign, mankind will gradually be brought to perfection. They will share with Jesus in the work of transforming the earth into a global paradise and in the fulfillment of Jehovah's promises, all of which will become possible because of Jesus' ransom sacrifice. - Rev. 22:1, 2.

16 Our High Priest, Jesus, can sympathize with any distress we may be experiencing, for he experienced it personally. (Read Hebrews 4:15.) No matter what you are going through or what you have experienced, you can be sure that our High Priest Jesus feels for you and cares for you.

17 Those who will share with Jesus in directing the human race to perfection will also understand our feelings, for they were once imperfect men and women, and they understand our feelings of guilt, guilt, guilt, guilt, guilt, guilt, guilt, guilt, guilt, guilt, guilt, guilt, guilt, guilt, guilt, guilt, guilt, guilt, guilt, guilt, guilt, guilt, guilt, guilt, guilt, guilt, guilt, guilt, guilt, guilt, guilt, guilt, guilt, guilt, guilt, guilt, guilt, guilt, guilt, guilt, guilt, guilt, guilt, guilt, guilt, guilt, guilt, guilt, guilt, guilt, guilt, guilt, guilt, guilt, guilt, guilt, guilt, guilt, guilt, guilt, gu

14. What does Jesus' sacrifice make possible?

15. (a) What does the appointment of Jesus' associate priests reveal? (b) Explain.

16. How does Hebrews 4:15 add weight to Jesus' role as our High Priest?

17. How do we know that anointed ones will understand us?

24 Watching the World

All the nations, tribes, peoples, seasons, and all the kingdoms of the world.

18 With regard to the arrangement for the priesthood, have we not appreciated Jehovah's loving, merciful, and understanding qualities, as well as the trust that he has in his loyal servants despite Satan's attacks? (Rev. 12:10) Since Jehovah has taken the initiative to draw us close to him and to maintain our precious relationship with him, is it not reasonable that we should take whatever steps we can to cultivate a loving and forgiving relationship with him?

19 From the foregoing article, we have learned that if we sometimes feel unworthy because of our imperfections, we can be assured that Jehovah understands our feelings because he knows that we are made of clay. (Ps. 103:14) However, Jehovah looks beyond our mistakes and focuses on our potential.

20 As we have seen, it is Jehovah's heartfelt desire that we serve him acceptably through the priesthood arrangement, and how grateful we are that it has opened the way for us to approach him! Let us, therefore, take to heart the admonition found at Hebrews 4:16: "Let us, therefore, approach with freeness of speech to the throne of undeserved kindness, and receive mercy and find undeserved kindness for help at the right time".

18. (a) The arrangement for the priesthood reveals what about Jehovah? (b) How do you feel about this arrangement?

19. How do we know that Jehovah understands us?

20. Why are you grateful for Jehovah's arrangement for a priesthood, and what is your determination?

How Would You Answer?

□ How does the priesthood arrangement help us to serve God acceptably?

□ How has Jehovah used the priesthood from ancient times to our day?

□ How does the priesthood arrangement help you to draw closer to Jehovah?

16 Praise Jehovah for His Anointed Son!

This article is part of our coverage of the Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc.

SING 22 The Kingdom Is Ruling - Let It Come!

We will consider how we can fight against three common threats to our spirituality.

Beware of Being Swallowed by the Spirit of the World

"Everything in the world . . . does not originate with the Father". - 1 JOHN 2:16.

THE Bible reveals that Satan the Devil is the ruler of this world (John 14:30; 1 John 5:19) and that Christ's followers are especially targeted by him. (Rev. 12:12, 13, 17) This does not mean, however, that Satan is a literal spirit creature, living anywhere in the universe. (Read 1 John 2:15, 16) Even those who do not believe that Satan exists allow the spirit of the world to influence them to do his will, so that they become captives of the Devil and do his will. - 2 Tim. 2:26.

2 Many of us at one time were influenced by the world's spirit, but when we learned what it promotes, how did we react?

1. How does Satan deceive people today? (1 John 2:15, 16) 2-3. (a) What helps those who love Jehovah to avoid being influenced by the spirit of the world? (b) Why is there a need for caution?

26

Like the poisonous air, the world's spirit is easily absorbed (See paragraph 5)

(Jas. 4:7, 8) How commendable that Jehovah's servants are determined to resist the spirit of the world!

3 Sadly, some who initially resisted the spirit of the world have succumbed to it again and again. (Eph. 6:11; Phil. 3:18) This article will help us to see how we can guard against such a tendency. First, though, let us consider: What does the Bible mean when it speaks of "the spirit of the world"? - 1 Cor. 2:12.

WHAT IS the ruler of this world?

4 The Bible describes the thinking and behavior of people who are alienated from God as "the spirit of the world". Those who are influenced by it are self-centered, often disregarding God's laws and standards.

5 The world's spirit is Satan's chief means of misleading people. (Rev. 12:9) The apostle Paul said: "The world is passing away and so is its spirit.

4. What is the spirit of the world, and what does it produce?

5. How is the spirit of the world like "the air", and why must we avoid it? (Ephesians 2:1, 2) (See also picture.)

27 SEPTEMBER 2026 What is the future of the earth?

(Read Ephesians 2:1, 2.) Do you not agree that this comparison is fitting? The world's spirit is like "the air" that we breathe, the air that we breathe, the air that we breathe, the air that we breathe, the air that we breathe, the air that we breathe, the air that we breathe, the air that we breathe, the air that we breathe, the air that we breathe, the air that we breathe, the air that we breathe, the air that we breathe, the air that we breathe, the air that we breathe, the air that we breathe, the air that we breathe, the air that we breathe, the air that we breathe, the air that we breathe, the air that we breathe, the air that we breathe, the air that we breathe, the air that we breathe, the air that we breathe, and the air that we breathe?

Do not give in to temptation

6 The Bible foretold that in our last days, people would be "not open to any agreement, [but] puffed up with pride and lovelessness". (2 Tim. 3:1-3) Do you not see these traits in the way people speak? (Eph. 5:3, 4) If the world's spirit is not promoting such conduct, why is it?

(Jas. 1:26, 27) To test our speech, we might ask ourselves: Do I tend to use foul language when I am around others, especially those who do not recognize me as one of Jehovah's Witnesses? Do I tend to use sarcasm or sarcasm when talking to my brothers and sisters?

Jesus said: "The things proceeding out of the mouth come out of the heart, and those things defile a man". (Matt. 15:18) In harmony with Jesus' words, what comes out of the mouth reveals what is in a person's heart, which is marked by "abusive speech", "anger, wrath, anger, [and] malice". (Read Colossians 3:8-10.) Also, by doing research in the publications of Jehovah's Witnesses, you can find helpful information. Be determined not to allow the spirit of the world to mold your speech or actions. - Eph. 4:29.

Stay away from immorality

9 Today, the spirit of the world has influenced people to adopt a wrong view of Jehovah, such as regarding abortion, homosexuality, and virginity as acceptable. (Isa. 5:20) Thus, the spirit of the world can gradually influence our thinking, actions, and attitudes that are contrary to Jehovah's will.

6. How does the spirit of the world influence speech?

7. What will help us to control the quality of our speech?

8. What will help us to cultivate graciousness in our speech? (Colossians 3:8-10)

9. What attitude toward what Jehovah hates has the world's spirit promoted?

28 Watching the World

(2 Cor. 11:3) We might think that those who do so are thinking too much and that the Bible is out-of-date, but that is not the case! Whatever Jehovah tells us to do, we do for our own good, for his ways are higher than our ways and his word is everlasting. - Isa. 48:17, 18; 55:9.

10 To please Jehovah, we must also hate what he hates. (Ps. 97:10) To do so, we do well to ask ourselves: 'Do I feel that Jehovah's standards are too restrictive?

(Ps. 51:5; 103:14) On the other hand, if you are inclined to follow your own desires and thus fall into sin, do not allow wrong desires to dominate your thinking. (Eph. 2:3) If you are tempted to think about something that Jehovah hates, reject it immediately. (Gen. 39:9, 12) Reflect on the harmful effects that a temptation to indulge in selfish desires can have on your relationship with Jehovah and with others, and be determined not to allow that to happen to you. (Eph. 5:5) Be confident that Jehovah can help you to do the same.

10. What will help us to know if we hate what Jehovah hates?

11. What will help us to hate what Jehovah hates?

Fighting the Dangers of the Internet

12 For many of us, the Internet plays an important role in our daily life and in our worship, but much of it is produced by those who are influenced by the spirit of the world. Such an abundance of images and videos can lead us to view recreation, travel, and other pursuits as worthless if we neglect our spiritual pursuits. - Heb. 10:24, 25.

13 To help us do so, we can ask ourselves: How much time do I spend on unnecessary Internet sites? (Eph. 5:15, 16) What are the types of sites that I frequently visit? Do I quickly turn away from inappropriate material? (Ps. 119:37) Do I read or view material as if it were true?

12. How is the world's spirit reflected in the Internet?

13. How can we be sure that we are using the Internet wisely?

29 SEPTEMBER 2026 What is the future of the earth?

Do I carefully research the facts? - Prov. 14:15.

14 To resist the spirit of the world, we must control the amount of time we spend on Internet sites, avoid viewing anything inappropriate for a Christian, and be especially vigilant about what our children are exposed to on the Internet. (Eph. 6:4) Studies show that teenagers who spend a lot of time on the Internet are more likely to suffer from loneliness and depression.

14. How can we avoid the dangers of the Internet?

You Can Win!

15 Take immediate action if you sense that the spirit of the world is taking a hold on you. Consider the example of Gloria.* After learning the truth at an early age, she was seduced by the world's fame and money.

* Names in this article have been changed.

15. What have you learned from Gloria's experience? (See also pictures.)

How can you resist the spirit of the world? (See paragraph 15)

30 From Our Readers

Now that I have a good relationship with Jehovah, I am happy that I have escaped the spirit of the world and that Jehovah is guiding me.

16 Consider the experience of Robert, who, while at school, got involved in unwholesome entertainment, drug abuse, drunkenness, and promiscuity. "I felt that I could do anything to be happy", he says. "But I realized that I was not free; I was a slave to the world". (2 Pet. 2:19) How did Robert respond? She says: "Every morning when I wake up and realize that I am pleasing Jehovah, I feel a sense of accomplishment and satisfaction that cannot be compared to anything I have done in my life".

17 As we have seen, we must resist the spirit of the world by guarding our speech, our morals, and our use of the Internet. The world's spirit is powerful, but we need not fear it; we can resist it because Satan and his wicked system are far more powerful than Jehovah is. (Read 1 John 4:4) Moreover, Jehovah can give you his holy spirit so that you will be able to resist any influence of the world. (Luke 11:13) May each of us be determined to resist the spirit of the world and let ourselves be guided by Jehovah's holy spirit! - Gal. 5:16.

16. What have you learned from Robert's experience?

17. Why can you be sure that you can successfully resist the spirit of the world? (1 John 4:4)

How Would You Answer?

□ How can we avoid being robbed of the world's spirit in our speech?

□ How can we resist the world's spirit of immorality?

□ How can we avoid being corrupted by the spirit of the world when using the Internet?

We Will Remain Faithful Forever

The Watchtower Announces the Kingdom of Jehovah

This article is part of a larger series entitled "The Bible - God's Word or Man's?" published by Jehovah's Witnesses.

What Does It Mean to Be a Christian?

Study article for November 2 to 8

Trust in Jehovah to Protect You

Study article for November 9 to 15

How to Maintain Heartfelt Obedience to Jehovah

Study articles for November 16 to 22

Preaching the Good News in All the Languages of the Nations

Study article for November 23 to 29

A Reflection of God's Love in the Priesthood

Study article for November 30 through December 6

Beware of Being Swallowed by the Spirit of the World

A Message From the Bible

Let the Peace of the Christ Control in Your Hearts

What is "the peace of the Christ" that Colossians 3:15 refers to, the inner peace that comes from knowing that a Christian is loved and favored by Jehovah and his dear Son, Jesus Christ? - John 14:23, 27.

The apostle Paul encouraged the brothers and sisters in the Colossian congregation to let this peace rule in their hearts. How? By using a Greek word that has a similar meaning to that used by the referee in a sporting contest. Just as the referee controls the game, we must let "the peace of the Christ" control our minds and hearts.

For example, if we have a disagreement with a fellow Christian, we will allow the peace of Christ to rule in our hearts by putting aside our personal preferences and feelings and allowing the peace of Christ to rule in our hearts. - Col. 3:12-14.

This publication is not for sale. It is part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations.

Unless otherwise indicated, Scripture quotations are from the modern-language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) September 2026 is published by the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania. Copyright is owned by Jehovah's Witnesses.

Go to jw.org, or scan this icon

What is JW.ORG®?

w26.09-TW