June 2026

The Watchtower Announces the Kingdom of Jehovah

This article will be discussed in more detail in the following article.

This article was corrected.

LISTEN to the following song.

Be Steadfast and Unmovable!

THE subject of the article

This article will strengthen our conviction that no matter what tests of faith we may face, we can maintain our integrity to Jehovah.

How to Remain Loyal in the Face of Tests

"Lord, to whom shall we go? You have sayings of everlasting life.

"UNLESS you eat the flesh of the Son of man and drink his blood, you have no life in yourselves", Jesus said to the crowd as he was teaching in Capernaum. "Whoever eats my flesh and drinks my blood has everlasting life, and I will resurrect him at the last day". (John 6:53, 54) Upsetting many of Jesus' disciples, they exclaimed: "This speech is shocking; who can bear to hear it?" - John 6:60.

No, for many of those disciples, impressed by Jesus' earlier miracle, said: "This is for a certainty the Prophet that was to come into the world". (John 6:14) Clearly, these disciples had a measure of faith in Jesus.

We have come to believe and to know that you are the Holy One of God". (John 6:68, 69) Notice that Peter did not say that he and the other apostles fully understood Jesus' words about eating his flesh and drinking his blood.

1-2. What happened one day when Jesus was teaching a crowd in Capernaum?

3. (a) How did Jesus' apostles react? (b) Why did they react?

2

Peter and the other apostles did not compromise their loyalty to Jesus (See paragraph 3)

Why not? Because many have believed and have come to know that Jesus is the Christ, the Son of God.

4 Our loyalty to Jehovah may be tested in various ways. For example, how do we react when there are adjustments in our understanding of the Scriptures or in the way we preach the good news?

5 Our faith must have a solid foundation. To illustrate: In earthquake-prone areas, construction workers make sure that the foundation of the building is strong enough to withstand an earthquake. Similarly, our faith must be strong enough to withstand such calamities as those described in the preceding paragraph.

6 What enabled the apostles to remain focused on Jesus when many turned their backs on him? The apostles were convinced that Jehovah is the Creator of all things and that he deserves to be worshiped, that he is the Son of God and that he has the promises of everlasting life. They were also convinced that Jesus had Jehovah's backing.

4. What situation may test our faith?

5. Illustrate why we should build our faith on a solid foundation. - Colossians 1:23.

6. What helped the apostles to stay focused on Jesus?

June 3, 2026

Our confidence in these truths will help us to stand firm when we face tests of faith: (1) that Jehovah is the Creator of all things; (2) that he inspired the Bible; and (3) that Jehovah God is using and blessing his people as his Witnesses today.

JEHOVAH is the Creator of all things

7 Read Revelation 4:11, which shows that Jehovah is the Creator of all things and that he deserves our worship because of his immense power and ability to rescue us from any distress or calamity that may befall us. Otherwise, we might begin to doubt that he is really there to deliver us from our trials. - Heb. 11:6.

8 If you have doubts about your belief in creation, you need to act quickly. Do research in our publications to find evidence that God is the Creator. You can find further evidence that will strengthen your faith in God in the popular books Was Life Created? and The Origin of Life - Five Questions Worth Asking. Jessica, a young sister in the United States, says: "After doing my research in our publications, I became convinced that there is a wise Creator who designed the universe.

7. (a) What assurance is found at Revelation 4:11? (b) What can happen when our faith is put to the test?

8-9. What can you do if you have doubts about God's existence as the Creator? (See also picture.)

If you have already read one of our publications that provides evidence of the existence of a Creator, why not read it again?

(See also paragraph 8)

This is a list of airports in the U.S. state of Florida, grouped by type and sorted by location. It contains all public-use and military airports in the state. It contains all public-use and military airports in the U.S. state of Florida, grouped by type and sorted by location. It contains all public-use and military airports in the U.S. state of Florida.

Many have also benefited from studying lessons 6 and 7 of the book Enjoy Life Forever! You may have studied them before, but why not study them again?

9 As you continue your personal study, you can examine the evidence that convinces you that God exists, and this will help you not only to be convinced that Jehovah exists but also to learn more about his endearing qualities. (Rom. 1:20) You may also be able to use what you learn to help others who have doubts about God's existence.

Jehovah's Worship and the Writing of the Bible

10 Read 2 Timothy 3:16, 17. The Bible is God's message to mankind. It answers life's most important questions and reveals God's will and requirements for us. We know that the Bible is God's inspired Word and that it is the most important book we can have in our life.

11 There are many reasons why we can be sure that the Bible was inspired by Jehovah. For one thing, it is historically accurate. (Luke 3:1, 2) For another, everything it says about the human family and the earth is accurate.

Today, the Bible is the world's most widely distributed book, written by some 40 writers at a cost of over 1,600 million dollars, yet harmonious in its message. Its timeless counsel continues to benefit millions of people today. (Prov. 13:20; 15:21; Matt. 7:12) The fulfillment of Bible prophecies also proves its reliability. (Josh. 23:14) Yes, the Bible is truly inspired of God!

12 What can you do if you have doubts about the Bible's inspiration? Explain your feelings to Jehovah in prayer and do some research. And when I have doubts or questions, I try to do research in our publications so that I can get the right answers. By making sure that the Bible is inspired of God, we can strengthen our faith and remain steadfast in it. - 1 Cor. 3:12, 13.

Jehovah's Witnesses Worship God Today

13 If you find it hard to believe that Jehovah's Witnesses are an organization that uses

10. Why is the Bible such a valuable book for us? (2 Timothy 3:16, 17)

11. What convinces you that the Bible was inspired by God?

12. What should you do if you have doubts about the Bible's inspiration?

13. What can you do if you have doubts about whether Jehovah's Witnesses are the organization that Jehovah God is using today?

5th of June, 2026

Jehovah is responsible for the love and unity of his people worldwide (See paragraph 16)

To help you do so, ask yourself these questions: Who are the people who do their best to live by Bible standards? What organization bases all its teachings on the Bible? (2 Tim. 4:3, 4) Who are the people doing Jehovah's will today? Matt. 7:20, 21.

14 To help you identify those who are doing God's will today, ask yourself: 'Who are carrying out the preaching work that Jesus foretold would be done during this time of the end?' (Matt. 24:14) The answer is clear: Jehovah God is using his people, his Witnesses, to accomplish this work.

14. What evidence is there that Jehovah's Witnesses are living in harmony with Matthew 24:14?

15 Unbeknownst to the majority of people, God's personal name, Jehovah, is used by Jehovah's Witnesses, and this has resulted in the restoration of God's name to its rightful place in the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures, despite the fact that it appears over 7,000 times in ancient Bible manuscripts.

16 Read John 13:34, 35. In a divided world filled with hatred and disunity, Jehovah's people are united by true love. We strive to be united by brotherly love despite our different ethnic, cultural, and personal backgrounds.

15. How are Jehovah's Witnesses sanctifying God's name today? (Matthew 6:9; Isaiah 43:10)

16. Why can you say that Jesus' command found at John 13:34, 35 applies to Jehovah's Witnesses? (See also picture.)

6 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

Recognizing that Jehovah is using his people today to accomplish his purpose will help you to remain faithful when you face tests of faith.

Never Give Up on Jehovah

17 As we live in "critical times hard to deal with", no one can escape the stress of living in "the last days" of this system of things. (2 Tim. 3:1, 13) Anxiety may be triggered by circumstances that we do not fully understand, such as a change in the way things are done by Jehovah's organization, a mistake made by a fellow believer, or a situation that we do not fully understand.

18 Despite these challenges, we can remain loyal to Jehovah if we firmly believe that Jehovah is the Creator, that he inspired the Bible, and that he is using his Witnesses today to do his will.

COVER: In a bus, a mother and her daughter observe a group of Witnesses witnessing publicly.

17-18. What problems may we face, but of what can we be sure?

HOW will lovers of truth react when religious persecution strikes?

■ Jehovah is the Creator

■ The Bible was written under divine inspiration

■ Jehovah is with his people today

LISTEN to the following song.

Loyally Submitting to Theocratic Arrangements

This article was originally published in The New York Times.

SING 90 Encourage One Another

COVER SUBJECT Sometimes it is difficult to make friends with some brothers and sisters, but this article will help us to build and maintain lasting friendships.

How to Maintain Christian Friendships

"Clothe yourselves with the tender affections of compassion, kindness, lowliness of mind, mildness, and long-suffering.

WHAT a blessing it is to have so many loyal friends among Jehovah's people! (Ps. 119:63) We are part of a large family of worshippers of Jehovah who love one another deeply.

2 As Jehovah's people, we are united by our love for Jehovah and for Jesus. (John 13:35) We do not develop friendships spontaneously; we need to put forth effort to maintain them.

3 Of course, some of us are closer to others than others because we share similar interests, we have similar values, we have similar personalities, we have similar interests, we have similar goals, we have similar interests, we have similar goals, we have similar interests, we have similar interests, we have similar interests, we have similar interests, we have similar interests, we have similar interests, we have similar interests, we have similar interests, we have similar interests, we have similar interests, we have similar interests, we have similar interests, we have similar interests, we have similar interests, we have similar interests, we have similar interests, we have similar interests, we have similar interests, we have similar interests, we have similar interests, we have similar interests, we have similar interests, we have similar interests, we have similar interests, we have similar interests, we have similar interests, we have similar interests, we have similar interests, we have similar interests, we have similar interests, we have similar interests, we have similar interests, we have similar interests, we have similar interests, we have similar interests, we have similar interests, we have similar interests, we have similar interests, we have similar interests, we have similar interests, we have similar interests, we have similar interests, we have similar interests, we have similar interests, we have similar interests, we have similar interests, we have similar interests, we have similar interests, we have similar interests, we have similar interests, we have similar interests, we have similar interests, we have similar interests, we have similar interests, we have similar interests, we have similar interests, we have similar interests, we have similar interests, we have similar interests, In this article, we will see how Jesus' example can help us to maintain a close friendship when our brothers are facing serious illness or bereavement.

1. Where can we find true friends?

2. What should be our relationship with our Christian brothers and sisters?

3. What can strain our relationships with our brothers and sisters?

8

But before we do that, let us consider some Christian qualities that can help us to make lasting friendships.

Our Christian brothers and sisters help us to show love for one another

The apostle Paul longed to be with his brothers, and he wrote to the Thessalonians: "We are making every effort to see your faces again". (1 Thess. 2:17) Many of our brothers and sisters have found that face-to-face communication strengthens their friendship with their brothers and sisters. However, when disagreements arise, we may need to do more than just go out in the ministry and attend Christian meetings.

5 Christian qualities help us to resolve conflicts and maintain good friendships. (Read Colossians 3:12) By cultivating such qualities as humility, patience, tenderness, and kindness, we help to resolve differences and build lasting friendships. In each case, we will see how Jesus' example of humility, patience, kindness, and compassion can help us to remain close friends.

WHEN YOUR CHILDREN are faced with questions

6 Why might this be a problem? When two people have a difference of opinion, each one tends to think that the other's view is the right one. For example, suppose two brothers were assigned to work on a honeycomb, but each agreed that the other's view was the right one. Can you see how a small matter could become a big issue that could damage a friendship? If left unaddressed, resentment can flare up, leading to more confrontations and, in time, to the breaking of a friendship.

7 Imitate Jesus' humility. Jesus taught his disciples a valuable lesson that would help them to avoid contentious disputes. (Matt. 20:25-28) On the night before his death, Jesus gave his disciples a lesson in humility.

4. What will help us to strengthen our bonds of friendship with our brothers and sisters?

What will help us to maintain friendships even when problems arise? (Colossians 3:12)

6. (a) What may happen when two individuals have a difference of opinion? (b) What should we do if we have a difference of opinion?

7. How did Jesus teach his followers the need to be humble in resolving differences?

June 2026

9

Humility can help you to overlook minor flaws and forgive others freely

(See also paragraph 8)

(John 13:3-5, 12-16) This illustration showed them how to maintain close friendships: By treating others as superior, they would be more likely to accept each other's viewpoints and thus maintain their friendships.

(Read Colossians 3:13.) If you are humble, you will be able to overlook minor disagreements and maintain good relations with others. (Ps. 4:4) Even if someone says something that hurts you, remember that we all say things that hurt us later. (Eccl. 7:21, 22) Ask yourself: 'Is my own feelings more important than our friendship?

(Read Proverbs 17:9; 1 Cor. 6:7) Put your friendship first, and many brothers and sisters have been able to restore their friendship by approaching the offender and discussing the matter calmly. (Ps. 34:14) Similarly, reach out to your brother or sister, perhaps saying, "I don't think we met today, but I would like to talk about what happened. (Luke 17:3, 4) Remember, it is more important to maintain friendships than to be right or wrong. - Prov. 18:24.

(Colossians 3:13) (See also pictures.) 8 How can humility help us to maintain a good relationship with our brothers and sisters?

How can humility help you when you have a disagreement with a fellow believer? (Proverbs 17:9)

10 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

When You Read the Bible and Learn About Jehovah's Witnesses

10 We may find it difficult to relate well to brothers and sisters whose personalities differ greatly from our own. Some may have an unpleasant personality trait, some may be unable to deal with others because of past mistakes, some may be shy and reserved, and some may have a different upbringing.

11 Imitate the patience of Jesus, who made and maintained friendships with those who differed from him. For example, when the apostles James and John asked for special positions in the Kingdom, Jesus was modest in what he did. (Mark 10:35-37) In contrast, Jesus humbly left his heavenly position behind and came to earth. (Phil. 2:5-8) Just think!

12 Jesus did not always expect his friends to do the right thing. Jesus knew that James and John were not the only ones who had this desire for prominence.

10. Why may it be difficult to cultivate friendships with some brothers?

11. How did Jesus maintain his friendship with people of different backgrounds?

12. What helped Jesus to be patient with his friends?

Jesus was aware of the rivalry that existed among the religious leaders of his day, and he patiently gave his listeners an opportunity to overcome the ambition that was so ingrained in their hearts. - Mark 10:42-45.

(Prov. 14:29) The bottom line is that all of us have personality traits, and we appreciate it when others are patient with us. (Read Ephesians 4:2.) We too need to be patient and accepting of those who have personalities that differ from ours. Similarly, we need to be patient with a chatty, outgoing person. While some friends may be more intimate than others, we need to keep in mind that friendships are not based on personality.

14 If we are long-suffering, we will also be able to see the good in others, so that our personality differences will become less of a problem and more of a problem. For example, although James and John were ambitious, they clearly recognized the reality of God's Kingdom.

How does long-suffering help us to have lasting friendships? (Ephesians 4:2)

14. Patience will help us to discern what about our brothers and sisters?

11th of JUNE, 2026

True friends are consoling, sympathetic, and kind

(See also paragraph 19)

By striving to see the good in our friends, we too will be imitating Jesus and his Father, Jehovah.

15 Another important step is to pray for help to maintain friendships with those who may not have the same personality traits as you do. Think in advance about situations that could lead to conflict, and pray for God's help to deal with them calmly. And if you find it difficult to be patient, pray to Jehovah for his holy spirit to help you to exercise self-control. - Luke 11:13; Gal. 5:22, 23.

When Our Brothers Face Difficulties

16 Why may this be a challenge?

15. (a) How can we deal with those who have different personalities? (b) What questions will we consider in this article?

16. What can be done when a brother or a sister is facing a difficult situation?

(Job 6:2, 3) If the circumstances of a brother or a sister have caused him or her to act in a way that you do not fully understand, try not to judge him or her.

17 Imitate Jesus' kindness and compassion. Jesus showed compassion and kindness to people who were distressed, even to those whom he had never met before. For example, when two blind men, one named Bartimaeus, heard that Jesus was passing by, they cried out for help. This shows that Jesus was moved with pity for her.

17. What do you learn from the way Jesus dealt with Bartimaeus?

12 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

(Matt. 20:34; Mark 10:46-52) Jesus spoke kindly to the blind man, commended his faith, and miraculously restored his sight.

(Read 1 Thessalonians 5:14.) Remember, a true friend is always there for you, especially when you need him or her. (Prov. 17:17) Such a friend not only feels the pain of others but also tries to comfort, encourage, and support them in various ways.

19 In what practical ways can we show kindness and compassion to others? Granted, you may not be able to eliminate completely the pain of a friend who is grieving, but you can do much to show empathy and understanding.

(Prov. 18:13) Be patient, and do not expect perfection from your mate. - Eph. 4:32.

20 True, we treasure our Christian brothers and sisters, but because of our imperfections and the pressures of life, we may at times say or do things that hurt our brothers and sisters. We appreciate it when they display such qualities as humility, patience, kindness, and loving-kindness with a view to maintaining lasting friendships with us.

20. What kind of friend do you want to be?

18. How should you treat a friend who is going through a difficult time? (1 Thessalonians 5:14)

19. In what ways can we show kindness and compassion? (See also pictures.)

PICTURE DESCRIPTION: An elderly brother and a younger brother who disagree about how to handle their congregation assignments get along well and enjoy the ministry together.

HOW TO BE A CHRISTIAN WITNESS WITH A CHRISTIAN WITH A CHRISTIAN WITH A CHRISTIAN WITNESS WITH A CHRISTIAN WITNESS WITH A CHRISTIAN WITNESS WITH A CHRISTIAN WITNESS WITH A CHRISTIAN WITNESS WITH A CHRISTIAN

■ when you have a difference of opinion?

■ dealing with personality differences?

■ when facing difficult situations?

SING 124 We Will Remain Loyal to Jehovah

From August 24 to 30, 2026

SING 65 Moving Ahead!

COVER SUBJECT This article discusses how we benefit from the arrangement for fathers to share in the preaching work.

Take Advantage of the Family Ministry Program

I shall laud Jehovah with all my heart in the congregations of the upright ones. - PS. 111:1.

(Ps. 148:1, 2, 12, 13) You may also have become part of a small group of brothers and sisters who were called to share in the preaching work, which helps us to fulfill the commission Jesus gave his followers to preach the good news of the Kingdom in all the inhabited earth. - Matt. 24:14.

2 How have you benefited from singing Kingdom songs in the field service? A sister named Wendy* said: "Singing Kingdom songs in the field service has helped me in many ways - learning new presentation and teaching methods from others, setting spiritual goals, and making new friends. The family overseer's responsibility is to help the pioneers in his group to grow spiritually and to stay strong even after they are baptized.

* Some names have been changed.

1-2. How do many brothers feel about the arrangement for a preacher?

14

3 In this article, we will consider some of the responsibilities of a midwife and her assistant, how they care for the family, how we can personally support the midwife, and how we can take full advantage of this wonderful arrangement.

THE pioneer minister and his ministry

(Prov. 27:23) He knows the members of his household well, communicates with them regularly, and takes note of their circumstances so that he can give them Scriptural encouragement and support when they are depressed or otherwise in need.* (Prov. 12:25; Isa. 32:2; Jas. 2:15-17) Second, he helps all the publishers in his household to expand their ministry. He regularly took the lead in field service, especially on weekends, working with each publisher to encourage and train him.

* If necessary, a qualified ministerial servant may take the lead in caring for the father until he is replaced by an elder. A ministerial servant who cares for the father is called a caregiver. Working under the direction of the elders, he assists in caring for the father.

3. What will we consider in this article?

4. (a) What important responsibilities do field service overseers have? (b) What suggestions will help a field service overseer to be effective in his work? (See the box "Suggestions for Field Service Overseers".)

Practical Suggestions for Caregivers

• Keep the meeting for field service to a minimum of seven minutes, so that publishers can get started early.

• Try to work with as many publishers as possible in your congregation, including those whose circumstances do not allow them to share regularly in the ministry.

• Make regular visits with all in the family, such visits being made at the home of a publisher, at a Kingdom Hall, or at some other convenient place, or by telephone or by letter.

• Train brothers to reach out for responsibility in the congregation.

• Keep a watchful eye on those in your household, even if the whole congregation is called out for field service.

(1 Tim. 3:1) He gives them heartfelt commendation, Scriptural counsel, and training so that they can take the lead in the congregation.

JUNE 15 of the year 2026

Since the overseers of the congregations care for important matters, they should appoint men who are more qualified to be overseers.

5 There are many factors that can make it difficult for a caregiver to care for his family. Consider Jörg, a caregiver in Germany who, like many elders, cares for a variety of responsibilities in the congregation. Obed, an elder in Suriname, says: I enjoy training others, but it takes time and effort, so the videos are not ready right away, and I have many other responsibilities that make it difficult for me to have time to train others. What can help elders in similar situations?

6 If possible, a limited number of Witnesses may be assigned to each family so that the one providing care can get to know each one and help them to maintain a good relationship with Jehovah.

A ministerial servant may be asked by a caregiver to conduct a meeting for field service to train the mother

(See also paragraph 7)

Thus, the body of elders may assign a ministerial servant to care for one of the parents so that when the parents visit, the overseer is able to care for them and help them to remain faithful to Jehovah and to endure trials.

7 If you have the privilege of serving in a congregation where there are not many elders, why not make it your goal to train your assistant to help you care for God's flock? (Read 1 Peter 5:2.)

5. What challenges do some caregivers face?

6. (a) How does the overseer benefit from the presence of those in the flock? (b) How does the overseer benefit from the presence of those in the flock?

7. In congregations where there are not many elders, what can a funeral director do to care for all in his congregation? (1 Peter 5:2) (See also picture.)

16 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

In time, he may qualify to take on the role of overseer.* (2 Tim. 2:2) Other mature members of the family can help with the training, such as experienced pioneers and publishers who can work with new publishers, and experienced publishers who can help new ones to start conversations with new ones, to make return visits, and to conduct home Bible studies.

HOW WORLDWIDE WITNESSES CARE FOR THEIR FRIENDS What is the difference between being a Christian and being a non-Christian?

8 Meet regularly to share in the field service. (Read Romans 1:12.) Working closely with our brothers and sisters in the ministry helps us to feel secure and confident. If your secular work does not allow you to share regularly in the ministry with your parents, why not ask your employer to adjust your work schedule? You may even be surprised at the response you receive. (Neh. 2:4-6) If health problems or the effects of old age make it difficult for you to share in the ministry, talk to the overseer. If you are a young person who is physically strong but finds it difficult to share in the ministry regularly, why not set aside time each week to share in the preaching work with the brothers and sisters in your congregation?

8. How can you help your father in the ministry? (Romans 1:12)

(Rom. 12:11; Col. 4:5) Your fine efforts will benefit the whole family. Pray to Jehovah about the matter. He can give you both the desire and the strength to do what is pleasing to him. - Phil. 2:13.

(Read Romans 12:13.) In some congregations, Christian fathers may be able to arrange for a meal to be shared with a householder who is unable to attend. If a Christian father decides to accept an invitation, even if the householder is unable to attend, the family can enjoy a meal together and encourage one another. Sarah, a special pioneer, explains: I tend to be nervous when it comes to showing hospitality, so I try to keep things simple. I focus on getting to know the people better rather than worrying about preparing a big meal. Being hospitable and cooperating with our brothers and sisters in the congregation as a family draws us closer to Jehovah and to our brothers and sisters. - Neh. 8:10; Acts 20:35.

10 Take steps to improve your skills in the ministry. As you improve your preaching and teaching skills, you will find that you enjoy working with your father in the ministry.

How can we promote unity and love in our ministry? (Romans 12:13)

(Proverbs 1:5; 27:17) (See also picture.) (b) What are some ways that we can increase our effectiveness in the ministry?

17th of JUNE, 2026

When we work with a small group in one territory, we get to know each other better and work together in the ministry (See paragraph 10)

(Read Proverbs 1:5; 27:17.) You can talk to your midwife, and she will help you. You can also ask others for help. "I asked a pioneer to help me make return visits", says Heather, who is shy but says: "I asked a pioneer to help me make return visits. He showed me love and consideration, arranged for us to go out in the ministry regularly, and even helped me start a Bible study. I was glad to ask for help because I have come to love the preaching work. Clearly, we can contribute to the success of the preaching work.

How can you benefit from the counsel of fellow believers?

11 You can draw even closer to Jehovah. For example, Jehovah uses Christian fathers to support and care for those whom he dearly loves, including widows, orphans, and the elderly. (1 Thess. 2:8; Jas. 1:27) We also receive valuable training in various aspects of the preaching and teaching work, and exemplary baptized brothers receive training that prepares them to take on additional responsibilities. - 1 Tim. 3:10.

12 Consider the example of Wendy, mentioned earlier. She says: "Because my father opposed the truth, my mother was unable to share in the field service with my father's family on weekends.

(Phil. 1:27) Because of the limited number of people in the ministry, it is easier for some who are shy or nervous to share with others in a group setting to feel at ease and at ease in the company of others.

11-12. How can the role of a father in the ministry draw you closer to Jehovah?

13. (a) How can working together in the field ministry help us to cultivate good friendships? (b) How can we cultivate good friendships?

18 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

(1 Thess. 5:14) Yes, as the great tribulation draws near, we will need more than ever to have loyal friends. (Matt. 24:21) Our problems may not go away completely now, but we will be able to endure them, knowing that we have the support of our loving brothers and sisters. - Prov. 17:17.

14 Providing immediate help: We respond quickly to disasters, natural disasters, medical emergencies, or persecution. The Congregation Service Committee and the Family Welfare Committee in each congregation coordinate the work of caring for those who have special needs. How grateful we are to have field service fathers who are ready to help us when we are in need!

(Zech. 8:23; Rev. 5:11) As part of Jehovah's organization, we want to reach as many people as possible with the good news of God's Kingdom. (Rev. 14:6, 7) May we take full advantage of the fatherly arrangement for preaching the good news of the Kingdom, which brings praise and glory to Jehovah. - Ps. 111:1.

14. How does the father-in-law arrangement help us when disaster strikes?

15. What does Jehovah's organization want us to do?

COVER: Two sisters in a field service work together.

How Can You Cope?

■ How do the midwife and her assistant care for the brothers in their midwifery ministry?

■ What can you do to make your ministry a success?

■ How can you benefit from the father-in-law arrangement?

Hymn 61 - Go Forward, You Witnesses!

This article is part of a series on the Bible.

LISTEN to the following song.

Obey God and Be Blessed

THE subject of the article

In this article, we will see why and how we can pay close attention at Christian meetings and other theocratic activities.

Listen Carefully at Meetings

"Pay attention to how you listen". - LUKE 8:18.

TODAY, by means of his inspired Word, the Bible, Jehovah teaches us much, so we can share the sentiments expressed by the psalmist David, who sang: "Jehovah is my Shepherd. I shall lack nothing. - Read Psalm 23:1, 2, 5.

2 Regardless of how long we have been in the truth or how well we know the Bible, we need constant reminders. (2 Pet. 1:12) On the other hand, if the material discussed at a meeting is something that has been discussed many times, do you find it difficult to pay attention? Finally, we will consider some practical suggestions that can help us to pay attention at our meetings.

REMEMBER that Jehovah is the Source of our joy

3 Jehovah has provided us with his Word, the Bible. (2 Tim. 3:16, 17) Jesus knew this, and he skillfully used the Scriptures to make his listeners wonder: "How did this man have such knowledge of the Scriptures, since he had no schooling or scholarship?" - John 7:15.

1-2. (a) How does Jehovah teach his people today? (Psalm 23:1, 2, 5) (b) What will we consider in this article?

3. (a) In what way does Jehovah provide for us? (b) How do his servants use his Word in their teaching?

20

(Acts 17:2, 3; 18:24, 28) As Jehovah's Witnesses, we recognize that the Bible is the foundation of our publications, radio broadcasts, dictionaries, videos, and other programs produced by Jehovah's organization.

4 The Scriptures often use the words "listen" and "pay attention" to convey the idea of listening, so when we read the Bible at our meetings, we are listening to Jehovah speak to us, understanding what he wants us to do and doing what pleases him.

WHY SHOULD WE START with the small things?

(Matt. 22:37) The more we learn about Jehovah, the deeper our love for him grows, and that love moves us to obey him and to worship him in a way that he approves. - Read John 4:23, 24; 1 John 5:3.

6 Love for our neighbors moves us to pay attention at meetings.

4. What does it mean to be "obedient"?

(John 4:23, 24; 1 John 5:3) What does that mean for us?

6. How is Jehovah teaching us at our meetings?

How to Be a Better Listener

When longtime servants of Jehovah were asked what has helped them to pay attention at meetings, here is what some of them said:

Suefawn, baptized in 1986: "Sit in the front row so that your attention is focused on the speaker and the videos.

• David, baptized in 1983: "I regularly pray to Jehovah to help me to concentrate on the meeting. I also remind myself that attending meetings, listening carefully, and listening intelligently are part of our worship".

• Nicolas, baptized in 1982: "After each meeting, make it a point to commend those who have had a part and to mention an experience or a point that touched your heart.

• Augustine, baptized in 1988: "I always tell myself that if the faithful slave arranges for us to study a certain subject again, that is exactly what we need".

to help our fellow believers and those who are not yet serving Jehovah at our meetings. For example, the brochure Make Disciples of People You Love has many practical suggestions on how to preach the good news, and during the week we learn how to apply those suggestions

21 of JUNE of the year 2026

Do you find it difficult to start conversations? Do you listen carefully to the introductions and assignments of others?

(Deut. 32:44-47) By being attentive to what is said at our meetings, we receive encouragement that strengthens us to endure trials and to wait patiently for the promised new world. (Rom. 8:25) It is vital that we obey God's voice now and keep busy in this time of the end. - Matt. 24:42-44; Rev. 1:3.

How to Prepare People for Trials

8 It is especially important for brothers who teach from the platform to improve the quality of their teaching. By taking the time to prepare well and basing their talks on the Scriptures, they help new ones to be convinced of the truth and help others to become firmly established in the faith.

How can you make your presentation clear and orderly? The following suggestions can help: (1) Make the main points clear at the outset of your presentation; (2) review the main points one at a time; after discussing a key point, pause to allow the audience to see the end of that key point before moving on to the next; and (3) review and briefly highlight the main points in your conclusion.

(Prov. 2:4, 5; Acts 4:20) To do so, you need to meditate on the theme and the scriptures that are presented. A brother in his 70's in the United States recalls a talk he heard when he was a teenager: "I still remember the talk that encouraged us to meditate on God's Word. It was a turning point in my life, one that led me to take Bible reading more seriously and to draw closer to Jehovah.

11 Think about the practical application of what you are discussing. Do not simply repeat the material, but use the Scriptures to convince your audience to apply what you have learned.

7. Why is it vital that we obey Jehovah?

8. Why do brothers who teach from the platform need to train themselves?

9. How can you make your presentation more appealing to your audience?

10. Why should you be interested in the material you study?

11. What is the most important thing you can do to make your presentation beneficial to your audience? (1 Timothy 4:13-16)

22 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

When Paul was serving the brothers in Ephesus, he told him several things that he needed to do to maintain a good relationship with Jehovah. (Read 1 Timothy 4:13-16.)

The brochure Apply Yourself to Reading and Teaching suggests: Speak naturally and honestly, expressing how you feel about the subject and the audience. In this way, you will encourage, motivate, and motivate your listeners.

(Prov. 1:5) Of course, we all have limitations, and it is not always easy to know whether our teaching is clear or whether we need to make adjustments. We want to improve the quality of our teaching so that our listeners can benefit fully from the truths contained in God's Word.*

How to Succeed on a Smaller Scale

We need God's reminders to help us cope with the stressful times we are living through in these last days. (2 Tim. 3:1) Even if we seem to have been reminded repeatedly, we do well to imitate the fine attitude of the writer of Psalm 119, who died

* For additional suggestions on how to improve your speaking and teaching skills, see the brochure Apply Yourself to Reading and Teaching and the book Benefit From Theocratic Ministry School Education.

12. Why is it important to speak naturally when teaching from the platform?

13. (a) Why is it important to seek the advice of experienced teachers? (b) How can we imitate Jesus' example?

14. How can we imitate the fine attitude of the writer of Psalm 119? (Psalm 119:24, 111, 167)

Ask an experienced publisher to help you improve your teaching (See paragraph 13)

23

Rather than allowing technology to distract you during the meetings, listen carefully (See paragraph 17)

We too can benefit from God's reminders. - Read Psalm 119:24, 111, 167.

15 We can learn a valuable lesson from what happened to the Israelites when Jehovah provided manna for them in the wilderness. (Ex. 16:15, 31) At first, the Israelites undoubtedly appreciated the manna as a source of sustenance and delighted in it. Putting into practice what we learn will help us to make wise choices that have the prospect of everlasting life ahead of us. - Prov. 3:13, 16-18; John 17:3.

15. What can we do to show appreciation for the instruction we receive at our meetings?

16 Learn from other examples of good listening. Many brothers and sisters who have been serving Jehovah for many years have learned to pay close attention at the meetings. József, who has been serving Jehovah for 52 years, says: I like to revisit a subject because it allows me to learn new things and to improve my understanding. Even if a brother lacks experience, I try to focus on what he is trying to teach me from God's Word rather than on his abilities.

17 Following the following suggestions can help you to pay attention at Christian meetings.

16. What has helped some longtime servants of Jehovah to pay attention at the meetings? (See also the box "Tips to Help You Listen Better".)

17. What can help you to pay attention at Christian meetings? (See also picture.)

24 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

Do not eat too much so that you do not fall asleep. (2) Get out of the meeting before it starts so that you can find a seat. (3) Turn off your cell phone or other electronic devices so that there is no noise or distraction during the meeting. (4) Prepare the material for each talk. (5) Focus your attention on the speaker. (6) Take notes or make notes to help you remember key points. (7) Meditate on key scriptures and note how key points are answered. (8) Ask yourself, 'How can I use this information to help someone in the congregation or in the ministry?' (9) At assemblies and conventions, meditate on the theme of the day, the scripture on which the talk is based, the parts of the program, and the scriptures on which the talk is based. (10) To prepare your heart, listen quietly to the music or to the music video that is played at the beginning of each assembly or convention.

How to Draw Close to Jehovah

(Ps. 23:3; 31:3) Hence, we need constant reminders from Jehovah so that we do not stray from the path of righteousness. So be determined to pay attention at our meetings and to apply what you learn. (Luke 8:18) By doing so, you will be assured of happiness now and the prospect of everlasting life - "the heritage of all those obeying Jehovah". - Ps. 119:2, 14.

18. Why should we continue to pay attention at our meetings?

How Can You Cope?

□ Why should we pay attention at meetings?

□ What can brothers taking the lead in teaching in the congregation do to help others to pay attention at meetings?

■ What steps can you take to pay attention at meetings?

SING 87 Come and Find Your Refreshment

How I Learned to Be a Good Witness

Nearly 70 Years of Serving Jehovah in Cuba

What did God tell Joseph to do?

I WAS born in 1947 on the beautiful Caribbean island of Cuba, where the tropical waters of the southern Caribbean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean meet.

I vividly recall our quiet life in that small village, surrounded by my aunts, uncles, grandparents, cousins, and other relatives, where we had enough to eat and where life was full of joy.

When I was about five years old, my parents began to study the Bible with Brother Walton Jones, a zealous evangelizer who walked about ten hours to our village. As soon as he arrived, many of our relatives gathered at my grandfather's home, where he spent hours discussing the Bible with them.

At that time, we were well-known for our door-to-door preaching and for carrying valuable Bible literature in our backpacks, as well as for traveling extensively.

When the Wicked Ones Come

When I was about five years old, my father and my older brother drank poisoned water and contracted typhoid fever while traveling to another part of the country to attend a circuit assembly. I recall that when they returned home, my father lost all his hair, but he survived. My father was only 32 years old when he died.

After my father's death, my mother decided that our family would mourn with the elderly brother in the village of Lombillo, which meant that we would be away from my grandparents and other dear cousins.

On August 26, 1957, at the age of ten, I was baptized in a lake near Lombillo, with little idea that in just two years, things would change for Jehovah's Witnesses in Cuba.

26 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

Our freedom to meet together and to preach was gradually curtailed; the government imposed restrictions on our activities; hundreds of our faithful brothers were imprisoned; some were beaten and tortured repeatedly; and at times, the Bible forbade us to eat pork or beef with sticks.

(Heb. 10:25) We also held large conventions on farms and elsewhere in the country, and I recall one occasion when a brother gave us a large sheep pen to use for the assembly - without cleaning the pen or even getting the sheep out - but it was a convention of unity between literal sheep and figurative goats! - Mic. 2:12.

We deeply appreciated the hard work of those who contributed to our spiritual well-being at that time, for example, by recording convention talks and broadcasting them to our brothers and sisters in various parts of the country.

We listened to the recordings of all the meetings, and because of the secrecy of the work, we could hear the sound of a rooster croaking and other sounds. If there was no electricity in the meeting place, we could listen to the recordings by means of a machine attached to a bicycle, which was powered by a brother who pulled the wheels of a bicycle to produce electricity. We had limited means and did not have as much Bible literature as our brothers in other lands, but we always had something to eat spiritually, and we enjoyed serving Jehovah together as a family. - Neh. 8:10.

I Was Born a Witness, a Witness, and a Witness

About a year later, I was assigned as a special pioneer in the capital city, Camagüey, where I met Emilia, a beautiful sister from Santiago de Cuba.

I began working full-time in a government sugar factory. Emilia and I could no longer continue pioneering; but we wanted to

A. Kingdom Ministry School for elders in Camagüey, Cuba, 1966

B. Playing house, 1967

A

A and B

D

D. In the circuit work in the 1990's

The first convention held in a foreign country after the ban was lifted, 1994

The Assembly of the District TEMOR PIADOSO 1994

See also

So I worked in the sugar factory from 3 a.m. to 11 a.m. This early rising was unpleasant, but it kept me active in the ministry, and Emilia and I were able to attend all the Christian meetings.

In 1969 our first son, Gustavo, was born, and I was assigned to the circuit work, at a time when it was not unusual for circuit overseers in Cuba to have children. We were very busy but very happy. Emilia and I considered it a great privilege to serve the brothers.

Now let me tell you what life was like for Emilia and me during our years in the circuit work.

HOW TO CARE WITH RESPONSIBILITY When we are faced with a challenging assignment

Especially in the 1960's and 1970's, we saw the devastating effects of the ban - the rebuilding of Kingdom Halls, the expulsion of missionaries, the imprisonment of many young brothers, and the closing of the branch office in Havana.

Because of the ban on our work, we visited only on weekends, visiting each congregation twice a week, often on bicycles and carrying little luggage so as not to attract attention. The older brothers did not advertise our visits to the congregation. We acted as if we were visiting relatives. so that, when we are exposed, we may be as they are.

28 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

E

F. and F.

What is it?

E. Emilia with Circuit overseer at the Cuba branch office in the early 2000's

Cleaning an Assembly Hall, 2012

F. Graduating from the Bible School for Christian Couples in 2013

They welcomed us into their homes in very special ways. They gave us sheep for meat, goats for water, pigs for clothing - and sometimes they even shared our food with the travelers.

When we visited the congregations, we could not take all of our children with us, except for one, who stayed with my mother and sister. We had a lot of child-rearing responsibilities.

When I think of all that Emilia has done to care for our children and to support me in the full-time ministry, my appreciation for her continues to grow. While I was working in the school office as well as in the circuit work - sometimes working overtime for one or two days a week so as not to have to go to work on weekends - I was later assigned to manage some of the staff and was expected to work full-time during the week. But I found that if I gave each worker a specific day of the week to work on, my work would be wasted - and I don't think my employers would ever know that I didn't come to work on weekends.

Growing and Growing in a Time of Crisis

In 1994, the responsible brothers in Cuba invited all 80 of us traveling overseers to a special meeting in Havana, where we were thrilled to see each other for the first time in many years!

They explained that they had repeatedly contacted government officials to improve relations between the government and Jehovah's Witnesses.

29th of JUNE, 2026

Members of the Branch Committee in Cuba, 2013

Others in the Bethel family, especially my wife, Emilia, helped me to adjust my thinking.

We feel as did the aged apostle John, who wrote: "No greater cause for thankfulness do I have than these things, that I should be hearing that my children go on walking in the truth". - 3 John 4.

For nearly 30 years, Emilia and I have been privileged to serve at Bethel, doing our best to care for our responsibilities despite health problems and the challenges of old age. The years have been difficult, but we have had the joy of serving our "happy God", Jehovah, for some 70 years here on the island of Cuba! - 1 Tim. 1:11; Ps. 97:1.

With our daughter and son-in-law at a circuit assembly

The government asked for a list of all the traveling overseers, and we all agreed to do so, thus establishing a good relationship between the Witnesses and the authorities.

In addition, we held public meetings and preached freely, even though we were not officially registered as a religious organization. We denied that the authorities already knew the names of some traveling overseers and were merely trying to verify their information.

In September 1994, we were granted permission to move the branch office back into the country, and we happened to be in the same building that had been confiscated 20 years earlier.

Then, in 1996, Emilia and I received a surprise phone call from the branch office inviting us to serve at Bethel. I told the brothers that we still had two young children at home to care for. The brothers kindly considered my situation, and later they told us that they still wanted us to serve at Bethel, so we accepted, and we made arrangements to move to Havana with the children.

To be honest, I did not enjoy Bethel service at first. After many years in the traveling work, my heart and mind were still focused on the ministry.

30 From Our Readers

Frequently Asked Questions

To what two covenants does the apostle Paul refer at Galatians 4:24?

▪ After describing the relationship between Abraham, Sarah, and Hagar, the apostle Paul says: "These things have a symbolic meaning, in that these women well represent the two covenants. . . . (Gal. 4:22-24) Earlier, we explained that the two covenants stood for the Law covenant and the new covenant.

(Gal. 4:25) Hagar represents the Law covenant that God made with Israel at Mount Sinai in 1513 B.C.E. (Ex. 19:5, 6) The Law reminded the Jews that they were slaves to sin and that they needed God's means of salvation - the Messiah, who by his sacrificial death could redeem imperfect mankind from sin and death. 10:4, footnote.

(Gal. 3:29; 4:28, 30) This covenant was summed up at Genesis 22:18: "By means of your [Abraham's] seed all nations of the earth will certainly bless themselves due to the fact that you have listened to my voice".

The Abrahamic covenant sheds light on Jehovah's Edenic promise. (Gen. 3:15) It revealed that the promised "seed" would come through Abraham's lineage, with the primary part, as Paul explained, being Jesus Christ, and the secondary part, 144,000 "belonging to Christ" who share in God's Kingdom. (Gal. 3:16, 29; Rev. 14:1-3) God's promise to Abraham extends to all who exercise faith in Jesus and obey him.

Paul showed that the Jews of his day, like Hagar, could remain in bondage to the Mosaic Law if they remained faithful to it; yet, like Sarah, they could be set free from bondage to sin and death by exercising faith in the primary part of Abraham's seed, Jesus Christ. (John 8:32-34) Their lack of faith in Jesus would frustrate the purpose of the Law covenant, which was to lead to Christ.

Although many of the Galatians to whom Paul wrote were Gentiles and were not even under the Law, some Jewish members of the congregation were insisting that Gentile converts be required to be circumcised. Paul pointed out that believing Christians were not "bound by the yoke of the Law" because faith in Christ set them free through Christ. - Gal. 5:1, 10-14.

This is a revision of information that appeared in the March 15, 2006, issue of Awake! pages 10-12.

31 JUNE of the year 2026

The Watchtower Announces the Kingdom of Jehovah

This article is part of our coverage of the June 2026 issue of Jehovah's Witnesses, Vol. 147, No. 6.

In this article

Study articles for August 10-16

How to Remain Loyal in the Face of Tests

Study Articles for August 17 to 23 8

How to Maintain Christian Friendships

Study articles for August 24-30 14

Getting the Best Out of a Service Meeting

Study article for August 31 September 6

Listen Carefully at Meetings

My Life Story 26

Nearly 70 Years of Serving Jehovah in Cuba

Questions From Readers 31

What does the Bible say?

Saving livestock in ancient times

Many Bible readers know that some of Jesus' early followers were fishermen. (Mark 1:16-20) In the Sea of Galilee, they used nets to catch fish.

Yet these men were so thick in number that they were often driven adrift, not being able to keep up with the ship's rigging and sailing because of the wind.

(Luke 5:6) The Bible mentions James and John as pulling up their worn-out nets, which may have been made of bamboo. (Matt. 4:21) Fishermen may have restored their nets each time they caught a fish. Luke mentions fishermen as repairing their nets. (Luke 5:2) Then, the nets were lowered so that they would not sink. - Genesis 47:10.

Jesus called these men who were with him to become fishermen.

This publication is not for sale. It is part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations.

Unless otherwise indicated, Scripture quotations are from the modern-language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) June 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania. It is free and open to the public.

Go to jw.org, or scan this code on your mobile device

What is the purpose of JW.ORG®?

w26.06-E