August 2026

The Watchtower Announces the Kingdom of Jehovah

This article will be considered in the following article.

What does the Bible say?

PSALMS 55 Do Not Be Afraid of Them!

What Does the Bible Really Teach?

Do not let Satan deceive you into thinking that you cannot trust Jehovah God and Jesus Christ.

2

Resist the Devil's TricksTrust in Jehovah and Jesus

Resist the Devil, and he will flee from you. - James 4:7.

SATAN knows that if we are loyal to Jehovah, he will never be able to defeat us; hence, he tries to make us feel that we are not worthy of Jehovah and of his Son, Jesus. - 2 Cor. 11:14; Jas. 1:6.

2 To be victorious in warfare, a soldier must have faith in his commander and obey his instructions. If that is not the case, he may be tempted to follow his own inclinations, which could result in his death. In this article, we will consider some of Satan's tactics, and in the next article, we will consider how we can guard against being ensnared by Satan's deceptive tactics.

1. What is one way that Satan tries to stop us from serving Jehovah?

2. Why is it vital that we continue to exercise faith in Jehovah God and Jesus Christ?

the other two things that Satan uses to try to stop us from serving Jehovah.*

SATAN DENYED JEHOVAH and Jesus

3 Shortly after the creation of the first human pair, Satan tried to weaken their relationship with Jehovah by misleading Eve into thinking that God did not really care about her, asking her: "Is it really so that God said you must not eat from every tree of the garden?"

(Job 22:1-3) The Devil wanted Job to give up his integrity to God, but despite Satan's attacks, Job maintained his integrity as a loyal friend of God. - Job 27:1, 5.

* While Satan is not directly responsible for most of the problems we face, he is responsible for the spirit of the world that fosters opposition to Jehovah's servants. Thus, whether we face tribulation or persecution for the sake of Jehovah's name, we are in a fight against Satan. - 1 Cor. 2:12; 1 John 5:19.

3. How did Satan try to undermine Eve's trust in Jehovah?

4. What falsehood did Satan want Job to believe?

5 When Jesus was on earth, Satan tried to turn people away from him by using the religious leaders and other enemies of Jesus to spread false accusations against him, and he finally had Jesus executed as a criminal. - Read Matthew 11:19; 27:27-31; Mark 14:55, 56; John 8:41-45.

6 After Jesus' death and resurrection, Satan accused Jesus' followers of being hypocrites. First, he tried to prevent people from believing that Jesus had been resurrected by promoting false accusations against them, and second, he tried to intimidate and frighten them by harassing them in an effort to make them think that the work Jesus had given them was too difficult for them to do. - Acts 7:57-8:1; 12:1-3; 28:22.

7 Although some in the first century might have been intimidated and stopped preaching, the vast majority did not give up. (Acts 4:18-20; 1 Pet. 5:8) How does Satan try to discourage us today?

Satan's Enemy - Jehovah and Jesus

8 Today, one of Satan's main methods of deceiving people is to conceal the truth

5. How did Satan try to stop people from following Jesus? (Matthew 11:19)

6-7. How has Satan targeted Jesus' disciples?

8. How has Satan used false religion to spread lies about Jehovah and Jesus?

August 2026

3

Satan's world promotes many worthless things to make us think that it is pointless to live by God's laws

(See also paragraph 11)

(John 8:44) For example, he has blinded the minds of people so that they do not see the difference between Jehovah God and Jesus Christ. (2 Cor. 4:3, 4) Some of Christendom's clergymen teach that the Father and the Son are one and the same, thus giving worship to the Son rather than to the Father.

(Read Jeremiah 23:26, 27.) Satan has been successful in removing God's name from many Bible translations. (Prov. 18:10) Among other lies, the Devil promotes the idea that God is responsible for all the suffering in the world.

9. How does Satan use false religion to blind people to Jehovah? (Jeremiah 23:26, 27)

4 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

(Jas. 4:8) Satan also wants to destroy the faith of Jehovah's servants today.

(Prov. 19:3) A person who is "enraged against Jehovah" might reason: 'If Jehovah doesn't care about me, what is the point of living by his laws and principles?'

11 Satan tries to convince us that Jehovah's laws are too burdensome for us, that the Bible is out-of-date and that we should live by our own standards, and that the ruler of this world has made it even harder for humans to distinguish right from wrong. - John 14:30; Isa. 5:20; 1 Tim. 4:1, 2.

12 Listening to such lies can have a detrimental effect on our relationship with Jehovah. A sister we will call Shannon recalls: "It took me a while to realize that the things I was learning at school and the people I was associating with were slowly affecting my thinking, and I began to love things that Jehovah hates. At the same time, I felt as if I were being pulled away from Jehovah, my family, and my spiritual brothers. What helped Shannon to break free from Satan's influence and return to her heavenly Father?

13 Shannon, who realized that she needed to put forth effort to remain loyal to Jehovah and Jesus, recalls: "I prayed to Jehovah for help to make good friends, and I did research in the congregation. The video Young People Ask - How Can I Make Real Friends? helped me a lot.* The sister in the video faced a similar challenge to mine, but it was because she humbly sought help from her parents, and I did too. I realized that the truth does not mean merely attending Christian meetings and trying to please my parents; it means sticking close to Jehovah and applying what I learn.

BE CONVINCED that Jehovah and Jesus really love you

14 To stay close to Jehovah, we need to choose good friends.

10. What could cause a sincere Christian to become enraged against Jehovah?

11. How does Satan try to make us think that Jehovah's standards are burdensome? (See also picture.)

12. Why should we not listen to Satan's propaganda?

* For more helpful articles, see the "Young People Ask" series on jw.org, the "Young People Ask" series on jw.org, and the "What's New?" series on the JW Library® app.

13. What can you learn from Shannon's experience?

14. How can we guard against Satan's attempts to undermine our faith? (See also picture.)

August 5, 2026

What does it mean to be a disciple of Jesus Christ?

We can counteract Satan's propaganda by meditating on our spiritual need (See paragraph 14)

On the other hand, if we take time to study God's Word, our Christian publications, and to associate with mature fellow believers, we will be less susceptible to being misled by Satan's propaganda and we will be less likely to be misled by Satan's efforts to weaken our faith if we know what the Bible really teaches. - Prov. 13:20; Acts 17:11.

15 As we spend time studying the Bible and appreciating the love that Jehovah and Jesus have for us, our faith is strengthened. (Prov. 22:19) Meditating on Bible accounts that reveal how Jehovah and Jesus care for us, we gain confidence that neither Jehovah nor Jesus will fail us.

15. What can help us to strengthen our confidence that Jehovah and Jesus will not fail us?

6 Watching the World

(Mal. 3:16, 17) And the Bible reveals that Jesus gave his life as a ransom because of his great love for us. - John 15:12, 13.

16 As we meditate on what Jehovah and Jesus have done for us, our confidence in their love for us will be strengthened. (Read Psalm 118:5, 6.)

17 Each of us wants to remain close to Jehovah God and Jesus Christ -

How can meditating on what Jehovah has done for us and listening to what he has done for others affect us? - Psalm 118:5, 6.

17. According to John 10:29, what assurance does Jesus give us if we remain close to Jehovah and Jesus?

Until Jehovah removes Satan and his demons from the scene of action, however, we must continue to resist Satan and his demons, for there is no rest for the one who persecutes us. (Rev. 20:1-3, 10) If we are to resist the Devil and his devices successfully, we must keep our spiritual defenses strong, especially our faith in Jehovah and his Son, Jesus Christ, who, as Jesus said, "no helper can snatch me out of the Father's hand". - Read John 10:29; Jas. 4:7.

18 The next article will discuss how we can successfully resist Satan's two other methods that he uses to try to stop us from serving Jehovah: he tries to create divisions among our brothers and sisters, and he tries to incite others to turn against us.

18. What will be discussed in the next article?

How Would You Answer?

□ What lies did Satan tell in the past about Jehovah and Jesus?

□ What lies does Satan spread about Jehovah and Jesus today?

▪ What convinces you that Jehovah and Jesus are dear to you?

150 Seek God and Live!

What does the Bible say?

We Will Remain Steadfast

What Does the Bible Really Teach?

We should always remember that our struggle is not with fellow Christians but with wicked spirit creatures; nor should we be discouraged and give up in the face of opposition.

You Can Succeed!

"We have a wrestling, not against blood and flesh, but against . . . the wicked spirit forces in the heavenly places". - EPH. 6:12.

(Isa. 2:4; John 18:36) However, the Bible reveals that we do not have a war against ourselves; rather, we have a war against the wicked spirit forces. (Read Ephesians 6:11, 12.)

2 As discussed in the preceding article, the Devil uses two tactics in his efforts to undermine our faith in Jehovah God and Jesus Christ: First, he seeks to disrupt the peace and unity of the Christian congregation; second, he tries to intimidate us or frighten us by means of opposition; and third, he seeks to destroy our peace and unity by means of propaganda.

SATAN WANTS to corrupt our thinking ability

3 Satan's goal is to divide us from our Christian brothers and sisters so that we become like the world, which is so cruel and unforgiving.

1. Against whom do we individually have to fight? (Ephesians 6:11, 12)

2. What will we consider in this article?

3. How does Satan try to sow disunity among us?

8

Unlike his father, Saul, who was unfaithful to Jehovah and became jealous of David, Jonathan was loyal to David

(See paragraphs 4 and 6)

Satan wants us to be like him, to speak against our brothers and Jehovah's congregation, and to hate ourselves. - Rom. 16:17.

4 King Saul, who at first admired David for his courage and prowess as a warrior, became jealous of David's success, so much so that he threw David into a pit in order to get rid of him. (1 Sam. 18:9-11) If David had been killed, Satan would have been pleased, for Jehovah had already anointed David by means of the prophet Samuel to be the future king of Israel. Imagine how Satan must have rejoiced when jealous Saul tried to kill David.

5 Satan well knows that Jehovah approves of and blesses our unity. (Ps. 133:1) Satan wants to tear our unity apart by promoting jealousy and envy in our hearts, as Saul did in the case of David.

6 If we love ourselves deeply, we will not be jealous or envious

4. Why did King Saul become jealous of David? (See also picture.)

5. Why does the Devil want jealousy and envy in our hearts? (James 3:14-16)

6. What do you learn from Jonathan's example? (See also picture.)

9 of AUGUST of 2026

Unlike his father, Saul, who was jealous of David, Jonathan trusted that all that Jehovah had said about David would come true, and he confirmed that David would be the future king of Israel. He humbly acknowledged that Jehovah had chosen David to be the next king of Israel and loyally supported him. - 1 Sam. 23:16, 17.

(Read Ephesians 4:25-27.) Strive to cultivate love for your brothers and sisters and to have a positive view of each one of them. Even though we may have different personalities, we must remember that we are all brothers and sisters. (1 Cor. 12:12) We are united in our fight against Satan and his demons. - 1 Pet. 5:8, 9.

(Eccl. 7:20) When that happens, it is wise to apply the Bible's counsel to "continue putting up with [our] brothers and sisters" and to be quick to forgive those who may have offended us. (Col. 3:12-14) Of course, Jehovah and Jesus want us to love our brothers and sisters and enjoy a wholesome fellowship with them. - John 17:20, 21.

We Are Not Affected by Satan's Influences

The apostle Paul warned that all true Christians would be "objects of hatred by all the nations". (2 Tim. 3:12) When confronted with such hatred, we may be tempted to devote much of our time and energy to seeking justice or to uphold the law, only to lose sight of Jehovah's commission to preach the good news. - Rom. 12:19-21.

10 Consider Abraham's son Isaac, who became wealthy and was desired by the Philistines, so that the Philistines stopped up wells that his father's servants had dug. (Gen. 26:12-18) But Isaac needed water for his household and his flocks, so he moved away and dug wells elsewhere, where the Philistines claimed possession of them. (Gen. 26:19-25) May we imitate the mildness and patience of Isaac when others treat us unfairly.

7. How can we prevent Satan from disrupting our unity? (Ephesians 4:25-27)

8. How should we react if a fellow Christian says or does something that hurts us?

9. What is another way that Satan tries to discourage us?

10. How did Isaac react to the Philistines' treatment of him?

10 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

#We want to change

STOP what you're doing

The CHANO

Serve the People

Try to be loyal to all governments and to support God's Kingdom

(See also paragraph 13)

11 When Jesus, the promised Messiah, came to earth, he too was treated unfairly - for example, by some of his relatives, who accused him of being insane (Mark 3:21); by the religious leaders, who challenged his authority; and by one of his apostles, who betrayed him (Luke 11:15, 16); by the chief priests and the rulers, who conspired to have Jesus put to death (Mark 15:1, 13-15); and by Jesus, who never resorted to retaliation. (Luke 22:50, 51) Despite all of this, Jesus never lost his focus on God's work, nor did he resort to retaliation against his persecutors.

12 Today, we too face many challenges that can cause us to become discouraged. Satan wants to discourage us from preaching. We may be opposed or even hated by unbelieving family members and others, but Jesus told us to love even those who hate us. (Read Matthew 5:43, 44.)

11. How did Jesus react to hatred?

12. According to Matthew 5:43, 44, how should we respond to opposition or hostility?

11 AUGUST 2026

We can successfully resist wicked spirit forces if we maintain our brotherly love and unity (See paragraph 16)

13 We continue to show respect for governmental authorities even when they impose restrictions on our worship because the Bible tells us to do so. (Rom. 13:1, 2) While Satan may not be behind every law that is against our interests, he may well be pleased to see that we protest against such laws or engage in civil disobedience. (Rom. 8:2, 3) We give in to Satan's snare when we oppose the rulers of the world and we compromise our loyalty to God's Kingdom. - John 15:19.

14 Some who formerly opposed us now serve as zealous Witnesses of Jehovah. (1 Tim. 1:12, 13) So if people insult us, hate us, or slander us, let us hope that they will eventually change their attitude toward true worship. (Matt. 5:11) Let us pray that the authorities will allow us to worship Jehovah in peace. (1 Tim. 2:1, 2) We can also pray for those who oppose us - relatives, workmates, or schoolmates. A woman who for many years opposed her husband but who later became one of Jehovah's Witnesses said: "You have to be very patient, because patience is very important".

13. (See also picture.) (b) Why should we continue to show honor to those who are in positions of authority?

14. What should be kept in mind when people oppose Jehovah's people?

12 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

15 It would be a waste of time and energy to try to solve injustices in our own way. (Eccl. 1:15) Of course, Jehovah is aware of the problems we face, and his Kingdom will soon undo all the harm caused by Satan and his agents. (Ps. 37:18; 1 John 3:8; Rev. 21:5) In the meantime, let us show love and patience by using our resources to help as many people as possible to come to know Jehovah and become his friends.

You Can Win!

16 The Bible assures us that we can successfully resist wicked spirit forces. (Jas. 4:7; 1 John 5:4, 5) To do so, we need to exercise faith in Jehovah God and Jesus Christ. (Eph. 6:16) So continue to strengthen your faith, for it will move you to love your brothers and sisters and to be united with them.

17 Although Satan will continue to use various means to try to divide or discourage our brothers, we must never give in to him. Jehovah and his Son promise that they will not abandon us if we stick close to them. Together with our brothers and sisters, we are in the fight against our enemy, the Devil.

15. Why should we not presume that we can solve the problem of injustice in the world?

16. (See also pictures.) (b) How can we fight against wicked spirit forces?

17. What should be our determination?

How Would You Answer?

□ How does Satan try to disrupt the peace and unity of our Christian brothers?

□ How does Satan try to discourage us from sharing in the Kingdom-preaching work?

▪ Why are you confident that you can win the battle against Satan and the demons?

PSALMS 149 What does it mean?

A Song of Victory

What does the Bible say?

SING 106 Cultivating the Qualities of Love

What Does the Bible Really Teach?

We learn from the examples of the apostle Paul, Philemon, and Onesimus how to promote and maintain peace in the congregation.

"I Petition You With Love"

I am not asking you on the basis of love.

(Isa. 32:17, 18) Although Jehovah is the Source of that peace, each of us has a responsibility to protect it. (Rom. 12:18) How should we treat one another in order to promote peace in the congregation? How can we pursue peace when we have offended someone?

The Address of Paul

2 Read Philemon 8, 9, 17. When Paul wrote to Philemon to urge him to accept back his slave Onesimus, Paul expressed confidence that it was out of love for Christ and for the brothers that Philemon made the request. (Phil. 4:9) Yet, Onesimus had a legal obligation to the Roman governor, so Paul allowed him to return. - Philem. 12, 13.

3 Paul may have been concerned about what Philemon would do if Onesimus returned.

1. What responsibility does each of us have?

2. Summarize the account about Philemon and Onesimus. - Philemon 8, 9, 17.

(See also cover image.) (b) How did the apostle Paul show that he was concerned about Onesimus' well-being?

14

(Eph. 6:21, 22; Col. 4:7-9) This article will consider Paul's letters to Philemon and to the Colossian congregation, and we will see what lessons can be learned from the letters to Philemon, Onesimus, and Philemon.

What We Can Learn From Paul

4 The way Paul dealt with others contributed to the unity of the congregation, and we can imitate him in this regard.

(Phil. 17) Paul did not feel that Philemon was a slave who had to obey his every command. (2 Cor. 1:24) Paul viewed Philemon as a fellow worker, and he reminded Philemon of their long-standing friendship. (Eph. 5:1-3) Rather, they love God's sheep by giving of their time, attention, and resources to those in need. By imitating Paul and being friendly toward others, elders set a fine example for their brothers and contribute to the unity and harmony of the congregation.

How can elders promote peace in the congregation?

6 Paul commended Philemon. (Phil. 4, 5, 7) While all of us need commendation, feelings of inadequacy, dissatisfaction with our appearance, a lack of acceptance, or the fear of losing a privilege of service can lead to anxiety, misunderstandings, resentment, misunderstandings, and rivalry, all of which can undermine peaceful relationships. (Prov. 12:25) Do you want to make others feel loved and appreciated? So be ready to commend them at every opportunity, not just for their abilities but also for their efforts. In short, when you see good in others, tell them.

7 Paul's words of commendation to Onesimus (read Philemon 10-12) may have had a positive effect on Philemon and Onesimus. Likewise, our words about our brothers and sisters may have a bearing on how they are viewed or treated.

6. Why is commendation important?

7. Why should we be careful about what we say about others? (Philemon 10-12)

15 of AUGUST of 2026

Like Paul, have a positive view of your brothers and speak positively about them (See paragraph 8)

What can help us to do so? Let us consider something that Paul often did.

(1 Cor. 1:4-7; Phil. 1:3-5; Col. 1:3, 4; 1 Thess. 1:2, 3) Rather than focusing on their imperfections, Paul focused on their good qualities and regularly thanked Jehovah for having such friends.

9 Paul's letter to Philemon was inspired, not by his own circumstances, but by the encouragement he received from the apostle Paul, who had just been arrested without a trial by a Jewish mob and taken to Caesarea, where he was later tried and imprisoned in Jerusalem. After that, he was taken to Rome, but on the way the ship he was on was wrecked. Even when Paul wrote a letter to Philemon, he was imprisoned because the Roman government had shut down Paul's home in Rome. (Philem. 1) Did Paul's experience cause him to write a harsh letter to Philemon? No. Paul's letter to Philemon contained encouraging words rather than negative ones. What do we learn from this? It can also help us to cope with distress.

What We Can Learn From One Another

10 The example of Onesimus can help us when we all say or do things that hurt others at times.

8. (See also pictures.) (b) What can help us to maintain a positive view of our brothers and sisters?

9. Why was Paul's encouragement to Philemon remarkable?

10. How did Onesimus reconcile with Philemon?

16 What Does It Mean to Be a Christian?

The apostle Paul wrote to Timothy: "I have come to you in the name of Jesus Christ, the Son of God, to save you from the power of the devil and to save you from your sins, that you may be found worthy of the kingdom of God, which you have prepared for yourselves. Even so, he did not hold back from returning to his master, but he went and tried to make peace with Philemon because Onesimus had now become a Christian.

11 Take the first step toward making peace with someone you have hurt. (Matt. 5:23-25) This may not be an easy step, but it can be rewarding. First, offer a sincere and heartfelt apology; then, listen carefully to the other person's feelings and emotions; then, acknowledge your mistake; and finally, avoid making excuses or repeating the mistake. It takes humility to apologize, but it often speeds up the process of making peace. - Rom. 14:19.

What We Can Learn From Philemon

12 The Bible does not say whether Philemon forgave Onesimus and warmly welcomed him back, but Paul hoped that Philemon would do so. (Philem. 17, 21) Paul knew that Philemon had qualities that would make it easier for him to forgive Onesimus.

13 Philemon was a loving brother.

11. (a) What can we do if we have offended someone? (b) What should we do if we have offended someone?

12. Why was Paul confident that Philemon would forgive Onesimus?

13. Why is love an important quality? (Colossians 3:14)

Like Onesimus, be humble and quickly make peace with your brother (See paragraph 11)

Following the example of Philemon, you contribute to the peace and unity of the congregation (See paragraph 15)

In fact, the apostle Paul described love as "a perfect bond of union" in his letter to the congregation in Colossae, where Philemon lived. (Read Colossians 3:14) Clearly, love is the most important quality for peace and unity.

(Philem. 2) Paul also acknowledged Philemon's lack of self-respect by asking him to prepare a place for his daughter to stay with her. (Philem. 22) Philemon's zeal undoubtedly contributed to the happiness and security of others. - Philem. 7.

15 When we imitate Philemon's self-control and learn to love our brothers and sisters more deeply, we gain a better understanding of our brothers and sisters, including those who may not be as close to us as we think they are, and we gain a better appreciation of their fine qualities by associating with them. (John 6:44) Self-control, in turn, strengthens our love for our brothers and sisters, helps us to view them in a positive light, and helps us to be more forgiving.

16 Do you ever find it difficult to forgive others, even those whom we love? Consider Paul's inspired words to the Colossians, including Philemon, recorded at Colossians 3:13. (Read.)

14. Why might it be said that Philemon was ambitious?

15. How does showing self-control help us to grow in love for others? (See also picture.)

16. How may Philemon have applied Paul's counsel found at Colossians 3:13?

18 What Does It Mean to Be a Christian?

How can Paul's counsel help us if we find it difficult to forgive those who have offended us?

17 In the same verse, Paul emphasizes Jehovah's willingness to forgive because of his love for us. Jehovah understands our limitations and does not expect us to do more than we can do. He knows that we are imperfect, but he does not focus on our imperfections but on our good qualities. (Ps. 103:13, 14; 130:3) Therefore, he continually shows us love and mercy. (Col. 3:22, 23) If we view our brothers and sisters as Jehovah does, we will be more inclined to put up with their imperfections, for we too are happy when others make mistakes. For example, appreciation for a beautiful flower will move us to love and cherish it. Recalling the good qualities of our brothers and sisters will move us to be forgiving, even when they offend us, and to pursue peaceful relations with them.

18 Jehovah appreciates all that you can do to promote peace in the congregation, so look for opportunities to do so. Continue to speak kindly and constructively to others. Apologize freely. Make an effort to be reconciled with someone you have offended. Strengthen your brotherly love.

18. What is your determination?

17. What does the Bible mean when it urges us to "let go" of resentment?

COVER: Philemon is reading aloud a letter from Paul in the presence of Onesimus and Tychicus and others.

What Do You Learn From . . .

the apostle Paul?

What about Onesimus?

With Philemon?

SONG 154 Keep Your Love True to You

This article will be discussed in more detail in the following article.

Treasure Your Privilege of Serving Jehovah

The New Song

He has left us a message of salvation, so that we may serve him without fear. - LUKE 1:69, 74.

What Does the Bible Really Teach?

It will help us to appreciate that salvation from Jehovah is a privilege, but it is also a responsibility.

Upon hearing this, neighbors and relatives wondered: "What is this child going to be?" (Luke 1:57-66) Jehovah answered Zechariah's question by revealing that the long-awaited Messiah would soon appear, that John would be the one to lead people to repentance and that when they recognized the Messiah, they would follow him. (Amos 3:7; Luke 1:67-79) But Zechariah's message is not limited to John.* As we will see in this article, Zechariah's words have a prophetic meaning for us today and will help us to appreciate three things: (1) our deliverance; (2) our privilege of being Jehovah's people; and (3) our privilege of preaching the good news.

The Gift of Life

2 Read Luke 1:67-73. God promised his faithful servants deliverance, but through whom?

* See the discussion of Zechariah's prophecy in the video His Name Is John, based on Luke 1:67.

2. (a) According to Luke 1:67-73, what gift does Jehovah offer his people? (b) Who is the mighty Deliverer mentioned at Luke 1:69?

20

(Gen. 22:17, 18; Matt. 22:42) Why, then, was Zechariah again inspired to foretell the coming of this mighty Deliverer? Because the Messiah was about to be born to a virgin named Mary, who was about six months pregnant with the Messiah. (Luke 1:30-35) At Jesus' baptism at about 30 years of age, Jehovah anointed him with holy spirit as the promised Messiah, anointing him as the mighty Deliverer of mankind.

Rather, they needed to be rescued from Satan, the very one responsible for their oppression. (Heb. 2:14, 15) This same Devil enslaved the Jews and all mankind to sin and death, and the Jews were in need of deliverance from the curse that resulted from their failure to observe the Mosaic Law perfectly.

3. Why were the Jews in need of deliverance?

Therefore, through Zechariah, Jehovah promised them forgiveness of sins and salvation. - Luke 1:77.

4 We need to be rescued from sin and death, just as the Jews were rescued from slavery to sin and death (Rom. 5:12) We also need to be rescued from the pressures that Satan and his demons are putting on our relationship with Jehovah and our relationship with God.

(John 3:16; Matt. 20:28) We endeavor to worship Jehovah in the way that Jesus taught his followers to do, but we are still imperfect, so when we make mistakes, we need to ask Jehovah for forgiveness, and on the basis of the ransom, we can receive Jehovah's forgiveness and enjoy his favor. (John 2:1, 2) Jesus is the means by which we can be freed from the penalty of sin and have the prospect of everlasting life.

6 Yes, complete freedom from slavery to sin and death, and from slavery to Satan, his demons, and the rest of mankind will be brought about by Jesus Christ, who has been ruling as King of God's Kingdom since 1914.

4. Why do we need deliverance?

5. How does Jesus save us from sin?

6. What will Jesus soon do for us as King? (See also picture.)

21 AUGUST of the year 2026

Jehovah provides salvation through Jesus Christ (See paragraph 6)

(Luke 1:32, 33) Soon, at Armageddon, Jesus and his 144,000 corulers, accompanied by heavenly angelic forces, will wipe out all opposers of God from the earth. Then, during the Thousand Year Reign, Jesus and the 144,000 will resurrect the dead and gradually help mankind to be restored to perfection. (Rev. 20:7-10) At last, faithful worshippers of Jehovah will be able to worship him free from the tyranny of sin, death, and rebellion. One of God's greatest gifts to mankind is the ransom sacrifice of Christ, for which we should be eternally grateful. - 2 Cor. 9:15.

The Privilege of Worship

7 Read Luke 1:74, 75. Zechariah said that because of Jehovah's gift of the ransom, we are able to worship him "with complete freedom". What are some of the ways in which we worship God?

7. According to Luke 1:74, 75, what privilege does Jehovah give his people?

22 Watching the World

8 First, we do not have to live in fear of death. Since we have the hope of living forever, we do not give in to the world's cravings for material things. Instead, we focus on living in a way that pleases Jehovah, even when our enemies threaten us with death. We know that we have Jehovah's love and approval, and we are grateful that our sins are forgiven on the basis of Jesus' sacrifice. - 1 John 4:9, 10.

9 For example, some may feel that they are not worthy of Jehovah's love because of a tragedy that happened to them or because of some past experience, or because of a long-ago sin that they have repented of and that the elders have helped them to overcome.

10 To illustrate: A doctor who treats a person with a broken leg may prescribe steps to help him regain his strength and regain his ability to walk, but if the person fears that he will never walk again, he should trust the doctor and continue to follow his instructions.

11 Similarly, if you are overwhelmed by feelings of guilt because of past wrongdoing, turn to Jehovah for help, trusting in his loving provision of the ransom sacrifice of his Son and in his great undeserved kindness and mercy. (John 1:16, 17; Rom. 3:23, 24; 1 John 3:19, 20) Jehovah has given you the means to "get well again" by means of prayer, personal study, and regular Christian meetings. (Ps. 1:2; 1 Thess. 5:17; Heb. 10:25) Just as a bruised leg takes time to heal, so it will take time for you to come to know Jehovah's love for you. (Phil. 3:16) May we all be grateful to Christ and to Jehovah for allowing us to serve him fearlessly!

Why We Preach the Good News

12 Read Luke 1:76-79. Continuing to speak, Zechariah said of his son's death: "You will conceal the face of Jehovah - you will conceal his ways". How did John the Baptizer fulfill these words?

8. What need not we fear?

9. What do some find difficult to accept?

10-11. What can we do if we feel overwhelmed by guilt over a sin we have committed? Illustrate.

12. What role did John the Baptizer play in preparing Jehovah's way? (Luke 1:76-79)

How can we do this?

If we appreciate our salvation and our privilege of serving Jehovah, we will keep busy in the preaching work (See paragraph 16)

The Origin of Life - Five Questions Worth Asking

Immediately after Jesus' baptism, John identified Jesus as Jehovah's representative, saying: "See, the Lamb of God that takes away the sin of the world!" - John 1:29, 34-36, 40, 41.

13 John clearly identified Jesus as the Messiah, but many others needed to testify. Why? Zechariah said that the Messiah would be a "daylight". This means that Jesus' presence would bring about a change in people's lives and a hope of salvation.

14 Zechariah prophesied that Jesus would be the one to bring light to those dwelling in darkness and in the shadow of death, that he would have compassion for the downtrodden, that he would proclaim "the year of goodwill on the part of Jehovah" that would bring comfort and hope. (Read Isaiah 61:1, 2; Luke 4:16-21.)

15 Do we not view the preaching of the good news as a privilege that we should treasure more than any other time in our life?

13. How did the presence of the Messiah serve as a daylight for God's people?

14. What important work did Jesus and his disciples do? (Isaiah 61:1, 2)

15. Why is the preaching of the good news more important than ever?

24 Watching the World

(Matt. 24:21) Then, Jesus and his heavenly armies, accompanied by the 144,000, will wage war against all who oppose God and will save God's people for life in the new world of righteousness. (Matt. 25:34; Rev. 16:16; 19:19) It is vital that we keep on preaching! - Matt. 24:14; Mark 13:10.

16 Zechariah's words recorded at Luke 1:68-79 remind us of three precious truths: (1) that Jehovah provides for our salvation; (2) that we have the privilege of being identified with him; and (3) that we have the privilege of declaring the good news.

16. What is your determination? (See also pictures.)

If so, let us zealously proclaim "the year of goodwill on the part of Jehovah" and "the day of vengeance on the part of our God", when God's Kingdom will destroy all earth's enemies and transform the earth into a paradise. Let all who love God be invited to join us in fearlessly serving Jehovah with integrity and righteousness all our days. - Luke 1:74, 75.

COVER SUBJECT 24: Two sisters share in house-to-house witnessing; a brother shares the good news with a coworker during a break; a sister gives a presentation at a school and uses the natural order to demonstrate that there is a Creator; and her teacher and her classmates listen attentively.

WHAT THE BIBLE SAYS At Luke 1:68-79, we learn that Jesus was . . .

What precious freedom has Jehovah given us?

What does Jesus' ransom make possible?

What responsibility do we have?

SING 159 Bring to Jehovah the Glory

The Word of Life

I Came to the Mind of the Grand Creator

As told by Stéphane Landeroin

IN SCHOOL, I hated school, did not like to work, and wanted to be alone in a place where no one would notice me. I never dreamed that God would notice me. Why?

I grew up in an atheistic environment in Paris, France, and I believed in evolution, which I had been taught at school and which many others believed to be true.

My parents were not religious, and they insisted that if God existed, there would not be so much suffering and injustice in the world.

But now I am convinced that there is a Creator who cares about me, even though I sometimes feel worthless.

When I was 19 years old, I was drafted into the army and then sent to French Guiana, South America, for a year. Little did I know that my life would soon be turned upside down.

When I was 20 years old, I came back to Paris. When I arrived, I worked hard every week from Monday to Friday, on Saturdays and Sundays, eating and eating, drinking and drinking. But I didn't have any real happiness, because any happiness I had was short-lived. My life was a mess. I saw that corruption and corruption, racism and poverty were widespread in the world. I was lonely.

I grew up in an atheistic family in the suburbs of Paris, France.

26 What Does It Mean to Be a Christian?

Because of the destruction of our natural heritage, I longed to return to South America.

Finding a Way to Make My Life Happier

I returned to French Guiana, where I had lived in a village, thinking that living in the jungle and smoking marijuana would give me a better life, but I soon fell back into my old way of life, working from Monday to Friday and cutting corn on Saturdays and Sundays.

I started to read it, thinking that the Bible would help me to live a better life, but I found the contents of the Bible to be difficult to understand.

I had friends who were also curious about the purpose of life, and they invited me to join them in their village in the jungle called the United Nations.

Life in the jungle was simple; we could do anything we wanted because there were no rules; we slept until dawn and woke when the sun went down; we planted our own crops, sang our own songs, drank our own marijuana; we cared for our neighbor's heritage; we shared what we had with one another; we ate meat because we didn't want to kill the animals; we ignored the laws; we didn't obey the government if we broke some of the laws or were punished.

But I realized that all of us were selfish and made mistakes, so some of the problems that people were facing in the world had to be solved in our organization. Some of the members of the club stayed in the village for a few days, others for a few weeks or a few months. But I stayed for more than two years.

And the king of the Philistines said to him, Why hast thou done this to us, O king of the Philistines? why hast thou done this to us, O king of the Philistines? why hast thou done this to us, O king of the Philistines? why hast thou done this to us, O king of the Philistines? why hast thou done this to us, O king of the Philistines? why hast thou done this to us, O king of the Philistines? why hast thou done this to us, O king of the Philistines? why hast thou done this to us, O king of the Philistines? why hast thou done this to us, O king of the Philistines? why hast thou done this to us, O king of the Philistines? why hast thou done this to us, O king of the Philistines?

A. A coat of arms of our village, which we call Union

B. When I lived in the woods

A

B

that all things were ordained by some one, and were perfected in the expectation of some man; that things were not made for nothing, but that they were made by some one, though I knew not whence.

I continued to read the Bible, but now I wanted to know what God wanted me to do, so I started praying, made the sign of the cross, and wondered if the Creator's name, Jah, appeared in some of the band's songs.

Finding My Purpose in Life

Looking back, I can see that the Creator understood my desire to get to know him when I began to pray. A friend of mine in our group from the village came in contact with Jehovah's Witnesses and accepted the book You Can Live Forever in Paradise on Earth.* When I began to read it, I was amazed at what I saw.

Published by Jehovah's Witnesses but now out of print.

I wanted to be his friend, but he was kind and wanted us to have a better future.

I realized that I needed to make some changes in my life, but I also needed help, so I approached another friend in our congregation and asked him to introduce me to Michel, the missionary who had been studying with him.

The same day that I met Michel, he invited me to an assembly in Matoury, near the capital, Cayenne, some 150 miles [240 km] away. I had long hair, a shaggy beard, a colorful suit, and a shirt that was bigger than my pants.

At that convention, a brother explained 1 Timothy 5:8 in a talk that showed that a good father takes care of his family's needs.

FRANCE French

FRENCH GUIANA French Guiana

What is it?

I learned the truth in French Guiana, was baptized in France, and now serve with my wife in New Caledonia

Our wedding day

Giving a talk to a group of Chinese students, 2006

When I look back on Michel's life, I can see that this is true - he had a goal in life that was pleasing to Jehovah, yet he was content and happy.

As I continued to study the Bible, I saw the need to make changes in my life - I quit smoking tobacco and smoking marijuana, burned all my remaining cigarettes and marijuana, and began to attend Christian meetings.

Although my family members were amazed at the changes I had made in my lifestyle - no more smoking tobacco, no more smoking marijuana, no more drinking alcohol, no more going to parties - I soon learned that I had to be tactful and respectful when I spoke to those who did not respond to my frank approach.

In 1996, I was baptized, and I prayed to Jehovah about my desire to be a missionary like Michel, thinking that this would be a good way to show my appreciation for what Jehovah had done for me.

Getting Closer to My Heavenly Father

When I saw Claudine, a beautiful sister in our congregation, who was zealous in the preaching work and who gave comments at the meetings, I was impressed by her deep love for Jehovah.

First, I had to make myself feel like a Chinese, and then I had to find ways to appeal to the Chinese people in my territory. Although I never learned to speak Mandarin fluently, I did what I could. The training we received also prepared us for the future in Jehovah's service.

Finding the Happiness I Needed

For example, when I was preparing to give a talk, I spent hours and hours preparing for it, but I felt that my efforts to serve Jehovah and the brothers to the best of my ability were not appreciated.

29th of AUGUST 2026

Now in the circuit work in New Caledonia

(Eccl. 7:16) I needed to see Jehovah as a loving Father who does not expect perfection from us but who values what we do to the best of our ability.

In Paris, I was appointed to serve as a substitute circuit overseer, an assignment that I felt I was too young and inexperienced to handle.

In addition to the pain I felt when giving talks at assemblies and conventions, the pain in my stomach and in my arms was worse than ever before because of a childhood defect in my vision.

In 2011, our prayers were answered when we received an assignment to serve as missionaries in New Caledonia, a remote group of islands in the southwest Pacific, more than 10,000 miles (16,000 km) from Paris, France. Also, the way the Aborigines spoke was very different; when you asked a question, they would sometimes answer with their eyes instead of opening their mouths.

We have served as missionaries, served at Bethel, attended the School for Kingdom Evangelizers, and now we are in the traveling work. We have seen Jehovah's spirit help us in every aspect of our life and assignment. Although I have a tendency to stand in front of a crowd and feel sorry for them, Jehovah has helped me to give encouragement and direction to those whom we visit.

Through all the changes in our life, Claudine has been very supportive, very patient, very enthusiastic about our new assignment, always ready to witness to others, never complaining about the dangers and the many challenges of the circuit work.

By putting spiritual things first in my life, I learned not only how to respect and obey the authorities but also how to be humble, how to live in harmony with Jehovah's righteous standards, and how to make friends with those whom Jehovah has blessed with more than what I have lost.

30 From Our Readers

DID you know?

What happened at city gates in ancient times?

IN ANCIENT times, city gates were not just a passageway through a grassland town - they were a busy place, with many daily commuters.

The Hebrew word translated "gates" (po·reʹach) refers not only to the gateway but also to "the porch of the city gate" (e·sanʹ) and "the public square at the entrance of the city gates". - Neh. 8:1.

The names of the two gates of Jerusalem, the Fish Gate and the Sheep Gate, may have been inspired by the trade and commerce that took place there. - Zeph. 1:10; John 5:2.

(Gen. 23:10-15, 17, 18; Ruth 4:1, 10) Travelers who found themselves in a city with no shelter could sleep on the street near the city gate. (Judg. 19:15-21) At the same time, the people gathered at the city gates to hear news. - 2 Sam. 18:24, 25.

(Deut. 21:18-20) Since the trial was public, justice was administered by the judges. After the judges had rendered a decision, the elders were appointed to enforce it promptly.

The city gates were a quiet place

They were expected to see that justice was done and that all were treated fairly, and they encouraged others to do the same. - Deut. 16:18-20; Job 29:7, 11-17.

(1 Ki. 22:10; Jer. 17:19, 20) For example, Jehu stood at the entrance of the city gate to announce to all the people that Jehovah had carried out his judgment against the house of Ahab. (2 Ki. 10:8-10) Similarly, King Hezekiah gathered the princes at the entrance of the city gate and urged the people to trust in Jehovah. - 2 Chron. 32:6-8.

(Prov. 1:20, 21) Today, Jehovah's wisdom is revealed in the Scriptures, and his people around the world are helping others to do the same.

31 AUGUST of the year 2026

The Watchtower Announcing Jehovah's Kingdom August 2026

What Does It Mean to Be a Christian?

Study Articles for October 5-11 2 Resist Satan's Tricks Trust in Jehovah and Jesus

Study articles for October 12-18

Study Articles for October 19-25

20 Treasure Your Privilege of Serving Jehovah

26 Getting the Mind of the Grand Creator

Did you know? 31 In ancient times, what was done at the city gates?

A Message From the Bible

A Tree That Wakes Early

Among the 30 or so trees mentioned in the Bible, the white palm is one of the last of the evergreen trees, with its beautiful red or white blossoms appearing in late January.* Its Hebrew name literally means resurrected one. What can this tree tell us about the Creator?

The March 15, 2011, issue of The Watchtower stated: "Just as the palm tree awakens in the morning, so Jehovah awakens in the morning, as it were, . . . to warn his people of the consequences of their disobedience. . . .

(Eccl. 12:5) The beauty of the almond blossoms may have had a bearing on the design of the lampstand in the tabernacle, as well as on the bowls that contained oil. - Ex. 37:17-20.

This publication is not for sale. It is part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations.

Unless otherwise indicated, Scripture quotations are from the modern-language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) August 2026 is published by the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, at House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Go to jw.org, or scan this icon on your mobile device

What is JW.ORG®?

w26.08-TW