January 2026

What Does It Mean?

It Affects Jehovah's Sovereignty

THE year is 2026.

"Happy are those conscious of their spiritual need". - MATT. 5:3.

WHAT YOU MAY LEARN: From March 2 to April 5, 2026, the earth will be transformed into a paradise.

From March 2 to 8, 2026

PSALMS 97 - What is the name of the song?

Life Depends on the Bible

What Does the Bible Really Teach?

We will see what we need to do to continue to enjoy Jehovah's guidance.

Continue to Be Guided by God's Spirit

THE year is 2026.

"Happy are those conscious of their spiritual need". - MATT. 5:3.

JEHOVAH knows that humans need certain basic necessities in order to survive - food, clothing, and shelter - and that the lack of any one of these can make life very difficult or even life threatening. (Read Matthew 5:3.)

2 The original-language word rendered "conscious of their need for God" conveys the idea of a needy person begging for help, such as a beggar on the side of the road, who lacks strength because of the dirty clothes he wears and the lack of food, the cold of the day and the cold of the night, and the isolation of his physical state. Aware that he needs God's help in his life, he too prays earnestly for God's help and accepts whatever help God provides.

3 In this article, we will first consider what we can learn from the Phoenician woman who approached Jesus for help.

1. What does Jehovah know that humans need? (Matthew 5:3)

2. How might we illustrate the fact that a person is conscious of his spiritual need?

3. What will we consider in this article?

2

The Phoenician woman humbly appealed to Jesus for help, and she showed faith (See paragraph 5)

We will also consider what we can learn from the examples of the apostles Peter, Paul, and King David, all of whom were guided by God.

Learn From the Example of the Phoenician

4 On another occasion, Jesus was approached by a Phoenician woman whose daughter was badly tormented by a demon. (Matt. 15:21-28) She fell at Jesus' feet and begged for help.

5 The Phoenician woman was humble, not because she was offended by Jesus' comparison to a puppy - a common pet among non-Jews - but because she had faith in Jesus and was moved to act in harmony with the woman's genuine faith. Although Jesus had previously said that he had been sent only to the lost sheep of Israel, he did cast the demon out of the woman's daughter.

6 If we want Jehovah's guidance, we can imitate the Phoenician woman by humbly persisting in prayer to Jehovah for help and direction.

4. What did a Phoenician woman want Jesus to do for her?

5. What did Jesus do for the woman, and why? (See also picture.)

6. What do we learn from the account of the Phoenician woman?

January 3, 2026

(Matt. 24:45-47) By exercising faith in Jehovah and Jesus and by humbly turning to them for help and direction, we can be assured that they will support and guide us. (Compare James 1:5-7.) Let us consider what we can learn from the lives of the apostles Peter, Paul, and King David to see how we can benefit from Jehovah's loving direction and support.

Learn from Peter Learn from God's Word

7 Consider the example of the apostle Peter, one of the first Jews to recognize Jesus as the Messiah. He recognized Jesus as the one through whom Jehovah was providing his people with "words of everlasting life" - spiritual food. (John 6:66-68) Peter was entrusted by Jesus with the responsibility of feeding his "little sheep". (John 21:17) Peter accepted that assignment, and he did so faithfully. He acknowledged that some of Paul's writings were "hard to understand". (2 Pet. 3:15, 16) But Peter did not give up, and he continued to train himself, trusting that Jehovah would give him the ability to absorb and apply the "hard food" that Paul was inspired to write. - Read Hebrews 5:14-16.

7. What privilege did Jesus give to Peter, and what was required of him? (Hebrews 5:14-16)

8 One day while Peter was in Joppa, he had a vision in which an angel appeared to him and instructed him not to kill animals forbidden by the Mosaic Law. (Acts 10:9-15) Not long after he had seen this vision, three men approached Peter and told him that Cornelius had sent for them and that he wanted to see Peter. If Peter had been a Jew, he would not have entered the home of a Gentile, since Jews considered non-Jews to be unclean. (Acts 10:28, 29) However, when Jehovah gave him new direction, Peter was quick to respond. (Prov. 4:18) Cornelius and his household were given the opportunity to hear the good news, became believers in Jesus, received holy spirit, and were baptized. - Acts 10:44-48.

9 Like Peter, we need to make a regular study of the simple truths found in God's Word.

8. How did Peter respond to Jehovah's new direction through an angel?

9. What are the two benefits of eating solid spiritual food?

4 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

(Rom. 11:33; Rev. 4:11) Another important lesson we learn from Peter's example is that we should be quick to accept and apply adjustments in our understanding of God's Word. As we do so, Jehovah will continue to guide us as we serve him faithfully.

Learn From the Example of Paul

10 Another way in which Jehovah guides us is by revealing to us the qualities that he wants us to have. (Read Colossians 3:8-10.) Wearing the new personality takes time and effort. Moreover, he did not know Christ's teachings and was proud, which caused him to go astray. - 1 Tim. 1:13.

10. According to Colossians 3:8-10, what must we do to please Jehovah?

(Acts 9:1) So after becoming a Christian, he evidently put forth extra effort to rid himself of his old personality. (Eph. 4:22, 31) However, after a heated disagreement between Paul and Barnabas, a disagreement that resulted in a heated argument, Paul did not give up. 9:27, footnote.

12 One reason why Paul was able to overcome his weaknesses and put on the new personality was that he did not rely on his own abilities. (Phil. 4:13) Like Peter, Paul relied on God-given strength. (1 Pet. 4:11) Even though Paul at times felt discouraged, he meditated on the good things his heavenly Father had done for him, and this gave him the strength to persevere in his efforts to please Jehovah. - Rom. 7:21-25.

13 Regardless of how long we have been serving Jehovah, we must work hard to put off the old personality and put on the new one.

11. Describe the weaknesses against which Paul struggled.

12. What helped Paul to succeed in conquering the vices that beset him?

13. How can we imitate Paul?

January 5, 2026

We must continue to study God's Word, put on the new personality, and let Jehovah protect us (See paragraph 18)

(Rom. 12:1, 2; Eph. 4:24) As we do so, let us remember this: If a certain article of clothing is too large or too uncomfortable for us to wear, we need to work at it, whereas the new personality is the result of our adjusting our lifestyle to conform to Jehovah's loving standards.

LEARN FROM DAVID Jehovah will never leave you or forsake you

14 As we have seen, the new personality is closely related to our spiritual health and well-being.

(Psalm 27:5) (See also the picture on the cover of this issue.)

15 King David was confident that Jehovah would protect him even in times of distress. (Read Psalm 27:5.) One of the ways that Jehovah protects us today is by safeguarding us from anyone or anything that could endanger our spirituality, including the assurance that no weapon formed against us will have any success. (Ps. 34:7; Isa. 54:17) Despite the power of Satan and his agents, they cannot do us any lasting harm. (Prov. 12:25; Matt. 6:27-29) In addition, we receive encouragement through the support of many fellow believers, including the shepherding work of Christian elders. (Isa. 32:1, 2) At our Christian meetings, we also receive instruction that protects us. - Heb. 10:24, 25.

6 Watching the World

(Compare Proverbs 5:1, 2) However, when David repeatedly violated God's laws, Jehovah did not shield him from the consequences of his actions. (2 Sam. 12:9, 10) David also poured out his heart to Jehovah when he was oppressed or when others caused him distress.

17 If we pray for Jehovah's guidance before we make decisions, we do well to bear in mind that Jehovah will not abandon us if we choose the wrong course and suffer the consequences. (Gal. 6:7, 8) Moreover, when others cause us distress, we can pour out our heart to Jehovah, confident that he will safeguard our minds and hearts. - Phil. 4:6, 7.

16. In what ways did Jehovah protect David?

17. How can we imitate David?

MAKE God the Source of Your Life

18 Our yeartext for the year 2026 reads: "Happy are those conscious of their spiritual need . . . because they will be filled with the knowledge of the truth".

18. (a) What do many in the world fail to understand? (b) What must we do to benefit from Jehovah's guidance? (See also pictures.)

PAGE 6: This same sister is studying The Watchtower, showing kindness to others by putting on the new personality, and receiving encouraging visits from the elders, all of which show that she is being guided by Jehovah.

How Would You Answer?

□ How can we imitate Peter in becoming diligent students of God's Word?

□ How can we imitate Paul in putting on the new personality?

□ Like David, how can we let Jehovah protect us?

PSALMS 162 - What is the name of the song?

The Word Becomes Food

March 9 to 15, 2026

Psalm 45 - What Does It Mean?

Meditations of My Heart

What Does the Bible Really Teach?

What to do when we are overwhelmed by sadness or anxiety.

How to Cope With Anxiety

What a wretched man I am! - ROMANS 7:24.

WHEN you think of the apostle Paul, do you immediately think of him as a courageous missionary, a gifted speaker, or one of the many Bible writers?

2 Read Romans 7:21-24. In his letter to the Romans, the apostle Paul described how he felt at times, and many of us feel the same way today.

3 Even though Paul at times felt overwhelmed by his own imperfections and past failings,* he did not allow these to overwhelm him. In this article, we will consider the answers to the following questions: Why did Paul at times feel discouraged?

* CLOSE NOTE: This article refers to people who suffer from bouts of depression or anxiety, not to those who have a mental illness that requires treatment.

1-2. What did the apostle Paul feel at times, and how can his experience help us? (Romans 7:21-24)

3. What questions will be answered in this article? (See also footnote.)

8

Why did Paul have such a strong personality?

(Acts 7:58; 8:1) On top of that, he was an outspoken persecutor of Christians who were hated and persecuted. - Acts 8:3; 26:9-11.

For example, when he wrote his first letter to the Corinthians in 55 C.E., he stated: "I am not worthy to be called an apostle, because I persecuted the congregation of God". (1 Cor. 15:9) Five years later, when writing to the Ephesians, Paul acknowledged that he was "less than the least of all holy ones". (1 Tim. 1:13) Can you imagine how difficult it would have been for Paul to meet with some of these opposers or their relatives while visiting a congregation?

6 Another thorn in Paul's flesh was something else that he had to contend with - a "thorn in the flesh". (2 Cor. 12:7) Although Paul did not specify what the problem was, the figure of speech he used suggests that it was something that was causing him pain and distress, perhaps an illness or some other problem that was causing him distress.*

(Read Romans 7:18, 19.) Although Paul wanted to do what was right, his imperfections made it difficult for him to do so. He admitted that he did not always do the right thing that he wanted to do but that he sometimes did the wrong thing that he did not want to do.

Why was Paul so respected by his fellow believers?

(Rom. 8:13; Gal. 5:16, 17) Paul specifically mentioned certain wrong tendencies, or desires, that Christians would have to fight against. (Gal. 5:19-21, 26) Clearly, he meditated on how he could overcome his weaknesses, searching the Scriptures to see what changes he needed to make and how he could do so.

4. What was Paul's problem?

5. How did the apostle Paul feel about his past mistakes?

(See also footnote.) (b) What was Paul's reason for being anxious?

(2 Cor. 10:10; 11:5, 13) Whatever the cause of Paul's distress, we can be sure that it was because of what some false teachers said about him.

7. Why was it sometimes difficult for Paul to do what was right? (Romans 7:18, 19)

8. What do Paul's letters reveal about his struggles with his weaknesses?

January 9, 2026

He gave it to others, and he used it himself.

9 Although Paul at times felt discouraged, he was able to find refreshment by hearing positive reports from fellow evangelizers. (2 Cor. 7:6, 7) He also found joy in his association with fellow Christians. (2 Tim. 1:4) Furthermore, his relationship with Jehovah and his desire to serve with a clean conscience were sources of joy to him. (2 Cor. 4:4) Clearly, when Paul sensed that his anxieties were overwhelming him, he quickly turned his thoughts to pleasures.

(Gal. 2:20; read Ephesians 1:7) Therefore, he was fully convinced that he had his sins forgiven through Jesus' ransom sacrifice. (Rom. 7:24, 25) Despite Paul's sinful past and imperfections, he found joy in rendering sacred service to God. - Heb. 9:12-14.

11 Like Paul, we may have tried to think, act, and speak in a way that pleased Jehovah, but we failed to do so. So we may feel discouraged and say to ourselves, 'What a pity for me!' A sister in her early 20's named Eliza* expresses her feelings this way: 'It is encouraging to think about Paul's experience.

What Can We Do When We Feel Disappointed in Ourselves?

12 Continue to cultivate a close relationship with Jehovah. Happiness comes from pursuing spiritual activities, which can be likened to maintaining a healthy diet, exercising regularly, and getting adequate sleep. On the other hand, joy comes from regularly engaging in spiritual activities, such as regularly reading God's Word, diligently studying the Bible, preparing for and attending meetings, and sharing in the preaching work. Doing so will encourage us to focus on positive things instead of negative ones. - Rom. 12:11, 12.

13 Consider the example of John, who was diagnosed with a rare form of cancer at the age of 24.

* Some names have been changed.

9-10. What helped Paul to cope with discouragement? (Ephesians 1:7) (See also picture.)

11. Why can Paul's illustration be of encouragement to us?

12. How do we benefit from spiritual activities?

13-14. How have some benefited from making spiritual advancement?

10 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

Paul was troubled by past sins, but meditating on the ransom helped him to be joyful

(See also paragraphs 9-10)

13 At first, Mary was confused and anxious, wondering, 'How is it possible that a young man like me could have such a serious illness?' Her son was only three years old at the time. What helped John? But in time, you will see that Jehovah will strengthen you and that he will help you to be strong, just as he did for me.

14 Eliza, mentioned earlier, says: "When I go to the meetings, what I hear and learn reminds me that Jehovah listens to me and loves me very much.

Nolan, a circuit overseer in Africa, explains what helps him and his wife, Diane: "When we feel discouraged, we keep doing what we are doing in Jehovah's service, and we see that Jehovah is helping us to be happy.

15 We have seen that when we feel sad or discouraged, our spiritual routine may need to be supplemented by other activities, such as going for a walk every day.

15. Illustrate what we may need to do when we feel sad or discouraged.

What does the Bible say?

To cope with anxieties, make time to read and study Bible texts that will help you (See paragraph 17)

Similarly, if we suffer from depression or anxiety, we may need to do research in the Bible and in our Christian publications, perhaps talking to an experienced fellow believer who can give us helpful advice.

16 Ask Jehovah to help you identify the cause of your distress or anxiety. (Read Psalm 139:1-4, 23, 24.) You too can ask Jehovah to help you identify the cause of your distress or anxiety and what you can do about it.

17 To help you cope with your problems, you can take advantage of the opportunity to deepen your appreciation for Jehovah's qualities and personality by meditating deeply on the ransom and Jehovah's forgiveness.

(Psalm 139:1-4, 23, 24) How can we do that?

17. What study can help you to keep your mind focused on positive things? (See also pictures.)

12 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

Make a note of any helpful information that you find, add to it any new information that you may find, keep it where you can find it, and study it whenever you feel overwhelmed by anxiety.

(Job 42:1-6) Diane, quoted earlier, says: "My husband and I have been studying the book Draw Close to Jehovah together. We appreciate that we have been molded by God into beautiful vessels, not focusing on our own imperfections and failings, but remembering that Jehovah is helping us to become better people. This strengthens our relationship with him. - Isa. 64:8.

18. What have some Christians learned?

BE PREPARED for the good times to come

19 Even if we take all the steps discussed in this article, we cannot expect to be free of the pain and anxiety that we may experience in life, for Jehovah will help us to keep our minds on positive things rather than on the things that cause anxiety.

20 By all means, let us avoid being overwhelmed by anxiety over past mistakes, problems, or imperfections, trusting that with Jehovah's help, we will be able to cope with our anxiety. (Ps. 143:10) The day will come when we will wake up each morning with our thoughts and emotions focused on the good things in life, and we will delight in serving our loving God, Jehovah!

19. What should we not expect, but of what can we be confident?

20. What is your determination?

How Would You Answer?

Why did Paul feel hopeless at times?

Although Paul at times felt discouraged, what helped him to continue to serve Jehovah with joy and a good conscience?

What can we do if we are overwhelmed by sadness or anxiety?

34 I Will Walk in My Integrity

March 16 to 22, 2026

PSALMS of Solomon - What Does It Mean?

You Gave Your Beloved Son

What Does the Bible Really Teach?

How the ransom makes possible forgiveness of sins, opens the way to perfection, and makes it possible for us to have a close relationship with Jehovah.

14

Why We Need the Ransom

Who will rescue me from the body undergoing this death?

WHAT would you do if you were trapped inside a building that had collapsed, but you could not get out?

2 We too are in a similar predicament, for when Adam disobeyed Jehovah and became a sinner, he passed on sin to all his offspring, leaving us with no way out. In his letter to the Romans, the apostle Paul explains that we are all "enslaved" to sin. (Read Romans 7:22-24.) (Rom. 6:23) So he asked, "Who will rescue me from the body undergoing this death?"

3 Paul's question, "Who will rescue me from the body undergoing this death?" does not mean that he was hopeless, for after asking that question, he confidently added: "Thanks to God through Jesus Christ our Lord!" (Rom. 7:25) Paul's point is that God has provided the means for our salvation by means of Jesus' ransom sacrifice.* Because of the ransom, we have (1) the prospect of everlasting life on earth and (2) the prospect of everlasting life in Paradise on earth.

* WHAT IT MEANS: A ransom is a price paid to buy back something that has been lost, and Jesus' sacrificial death is a ransom in that it frees obedient humans from sin and death.

1-2. Why do we need a ransom? (Rom. 7:22-24) (See also picture.)

3. What does the ransom make possible?

Just as this building has collapsed upon this man and he cannot get out, we too are seemingly trapped under sin and imperfection and therefore in need of a rescuer

(See also paragraphs 1-2)

It will deepen our love for Jehovah, "the God of hope". (Rom. 15:13) It will also deepen our appreciation for the ransom that Jesus provided. - Col. 1:14.

Wealth Leads to Happiness

(Read Ecclesiastes 7:20.) Some sins, such as adultery and murder, are punishable by death under the Mosaic Law. (Lev. 20:10; Num. 35:30, 31) However, some sins are less serious than others, and all sins are sins.

5 Have any of us ever said or done something that we later regretted? No doubt all of us have. The Bible clearly states: "If we make the statement: 'We have no sin,' we are misleading ourselves and the truth is not in us". - 1 John 1:8.

6 The ransom arrangement provided the basis for the forgiveness of sins in a way that was in harmony with justice. (Eph. 1:7) This does not mean, however, that Jehovah condones wrongdoing. - Isa. 59:2.

7 Under the Mosaic Law, the Israelites had to make atonement for their sins by offering animal sacrifices. (Lev. 4:27-31; 17:11) Such sacrifices provided a foregleam of the greater sacrifice that Jesus would offer, one that would bring many blessings to mankind and provide the basis for Jehovah's forgiveness of our sins.

Why does each of us need the ransom? - Ecclesiastes 7:20.

6-7. On what basis does Jehovah forgive our sins? (See also picture.)

January 15, 2026

the value of Jesus' sacrificial death, for in his letter to the Christians in Corinth, after mentioning the sins they formerly committed, he wrote: "But you have been washed clean, but you have been sanctified, but you have been declared righteous in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ and with the spirit of our God". - 1 Cor. 6:9-11.

8 Before attending the Memorial this year, why not take time to meditate on how you personally have benefited from Jehovah's forgiveness? For example, on the basis of the ransom, you do not have to dwell on past sins that you have repented of. However, "if we are walking in the light as [Jehovah] himself is in the light, . . . the blood of Jesus his Son cleanses us from all sin". (1 John 1:6, 7) Along with other Bible teachings, we take this teaching to heart, recognizing that the ransom is the means by which our sins can be forgiven. - Ps. 86:5.

FRIENDSHIP GIVES us the confidence that we can succeed in life

9 In the Bible, the word "sin" refers not only to wrongdoing but also to our inherited imperfection. (Read Psalm 51:5.)

8. What are you determined to do in preparation for the Memorial this year?

9. (a) What does "sin" mean? (b) What does "sin" mean?

The animal sacrifices foreshadowed Jesus' ransom sacrifice and the blessings that would result from it (See paragraphs 6-7)

16 What Does It Mean to Be a Christian?

Just as babies who have never sinned are prone to get sick and die, so the same imperfections that cause good and bad people to suffer and die cause imperfection that all humans have inherited from Adam.

10 Consider, for example, what happened to Adam and Eve when they disobeyed God's law that was written on their hearts. (Rom. 2:15) They sensed that something inside them had changed, and they felt the need to conceal their nakedness and hide from their Creator's sight. (Gen. 3:7, 8) They felt a sense of guilt, confusion, insecurity, and shame that they had never felt before in their lives.

11 All the pain and suffering that we now experience is the result of our imperfection, the result of our efforts to improve our lot in life, the result of our efforts to be better than we are, and the result of our efforts to be better than we are. Why? Because the Bible says that we are "subjected to futility". (Rom. 8:20) This is a matter that affects individuals and the entire world. Their whole endeavor is as if they were carrying buckets of water, but there is hope of redemption.

12 The ransom offers the prospect that "the creation itself also . . . will be set free from enslavement to corruption". (Rom. 8:21) When we reach perfection in God's new world, we will be free from sickness, sleeplessness, anxiety, guilt, conscience, and security.

13 Can you imagine what life will be like when sin and imperfection are gone? You will wake up each morning with no worries about your health, no worries about caring for your loved ones, no worries about getting sick or dying. And you can be confident that Jehovah will bless you, for he "becomes the rewarder of those earnestly seeking him". (Heb. 11:6) Because of the ransom, your comfort and your hope for the future are possible.

10. What resulted when Adam and Eve sinned?

11. How has our imperfection affected us?

12. What prospects are made possible by the ransom?

13. What can we do to prepare for the Memorial this year?

JANUARY 17 of the year 2026

Only on the basis of Jesus' ransom sacrifice can we have our sins forgiven and have a good relationship with Jehovah (See paragraph 16)

Why We Can Become God's Friends

14 Ever since Adam and Eve sinned, mankind has been alienated from God, even alienated from their Creator. (Rom. 8:7, 8; Col. 1:21) Because Jehovah is pure and righteous, he cannot tolerate wrongdoing.

15 The Bible speaks of Jesus as "a propitiatory sacrifice for our sins". (1 John 2:2) The Greek word translated "propitiation" can mean "to make atonement". How does Jesus' sacrifice make reconciliation possible? (Rom. 15:1, 6) Jehovah was fully confident that the ransom would be paid in Jesus' name.

16 Think of the happiness you have because of your relationship with God. For example, you may be able to address Jehovah as "Father", as Jesus taught us to do. (Matt. 6:9) You may even be able to address him as "Friend".

14. What effect did Adam and Eve's sin have on our relationship with God, and why?

15. What is made possible by Jesus' sacrifice?

16. (a) What will help us to prepare for the Memorial this year? (b) What will help us to prepare for the Memorial?

18 What Does It Mean to Be a Christian?

By means of Jesus' shed blood on the torture stake, Jehovah has reconciled "all other things" to himself by making peace with them. (Col. 1:19, 20) This makes it possible for us to have a close relationship with Jehovah even though we are still imperfect.

Happiness Makes Us See the Greatness of Jehovah

17 The greatest expression of Jehovah's undeserved kindness is the provision of the ransom. (Read Ephesians 2:4, 5.) Like that man, those who have the right heart attitude toward everlasting life are shocked when they realize that they are no longer under the yoke of sin and imperfection, and they cry out for help. (Acts 13:48) Through the Kingdom good news, Jehovah answers the cry of such ones to come to know him and his Son, Jesus.

18 As we meditate on the ransom, we do well to keep in mind that while it accomplishes many wonderful things, the ransom is not primarily for our salvation. Above all, the ransom provides the answer to Satan's slanderous accusations raised in the garden of Eden. (Gen. 3:1-5, 15) The ransom is the means by which Jehovah will clear his name of all reproach; it is the means by which he will save us from sin and death; and it is the means by which he will prove himself to be a God of love. (Prov. 27:11) How can you show your gratitude for the ransom? The next article will answer that question.

17. How is the ransom an expression of Jehovah's undeserved kindness? (Ephesians 2:4, 5)

18. What should we keep in mind as we meditate on the ransom?

How Does Happiness Affect Us . . .

■ forgiveness of sins?

■ the prospect of attaining perfection?

▪ the assurance that we can be Jehovah's friends?

PSALMS 19 was composed by David.

The Lord's Evening Meal

March 23 to 29, 2026

PSALMS of Solomon - What Does It Mean?

Appreciating the Ransom

What Does the Bible Really Teach?

What each of us can do to show that we appreciate the ransom.

How Can You Show Appreciation for the Ransom?

"The love the Christ has compels us". - 2 CORINTHIANS 5:14.

IMAGINE that you are trapped in a building that collapses on you and someone lifts you from the foundation. Would you help someone else? Even if you were not the only one rescued, you would likely reach out to the person and thank him, letting him know that you could never complete the work he had done for you.

2 As we learned in the preceding article, the ransom sacrifice of Jesus makes it possible for us to be freed from the burden of our inherited sinful tendencies by means of the ransom sacrifice of Jesus Christ, who freed us from sinful tendencies and the hope of everlasting life in God's new world. (Prov. 8:30, 31) The apostle Paul wrote that "the love the Christ has compels us". (2 Cor. 5:14, 15) In other words, we should be moved to show our gratitude for Jesus' love by responding to the ransom sacrifice.

3 To illustrate: Imagine that you are traveling to a distant city, and each of you is traveling in a different direction.

1-2. What should Jesus' ransom sacrifice move us to do, and why? (2 Corinthians 5:14, 15) (See also picture.)

3. Why might someone's appreciation for the ransom be different from yours?

20

Do you not appreciate that Jehovah and his Son have rescued us from sin and death? (See paragraphs 1-2)

This article will consider how Bible students, baptized ones, and inactive ones can show their appreciation for the ransom in different ways.

What Does It Mean to Be a Student of the Bible?

4 When you study the Bible, remember that the very fact that you have accepted the invitation to study with Jehovah indicates that he is drawing you to himself. (John 6:44; Acts 13:48) Jehovah is the examiner of hearts, and he is pleased to see your efforts to learn about him and to make changes in your life so that you can live in harmony with his righteous standards. (Prov. 17:3; 27:11) Because of the ransom, you can have a close relationship with Jehovah.

5 If you are studying with Jehovah's Witnesses, how can you show your appreciation for the ransom? One way is to heed the apostle Paul's counsel to the Philippians: "To the extent that we have made progress, let us go on walking orderly in this same routine". (Phil. 3:16) Another translation renders this verse as follows: Go straight ahead with your eyes fixed on a certain goal. Remember, therefore, that you are on the road to life, and let nothing distract you. - Matt. 7:14; Luke 9:62.

6 If you recently read a portion of the Bible that you find difficult to understand, do your research and ask Jehovah to help you to understand it better. (Ps. 86:11) If you still have doubts, you may need to put them aside for the time being, or you may have a problem with a certain Scriptural practice that you find difficult to overcome.

4. What makes a Bible student pleasing to Jehovah?

5. How can Bible students apply Philippians 3:16?

(Deuteronomy 30:11-14) (See also pictures.) (b) What should we do if we find that a Bible student does not understand a certain Bible teaching or is struggling to break free from a bad habit?

21 JANUARY of the year 2026

Jehovah does not expect us to do more than we can do, and he helps us to do what he asks of us (See paragraph 6)

Rather than dwelling on the past, meditate on what Jehovah has done for you, including the provision of the ransom. As your love for Jehovah grows, you will see that his commands are not burdensome. - 1 John 5:3.*

7 If you have been raised in the truth by Christian parents, you too are a Bible student, and all the Bible students your parents have are precious to you. The Bible says: "Draw close to God, and he will draw close to you". (Jas. 4:8; 1 Chron. 28:9) If you take steps to draw close to Jehovah, he will draw close to you.

* To help you apply your Bible-study habits, use the worksheet "Apply This to Your Life" in the book You Can Live Forever in Happiness.

7. What concern may young ones have as they are brought up in a Christian home?

22 Watching the World

(Rom. 5:1, 2) Therefore, as you prepare to attend the Memorial this year, take time to meditate on what Jesus' death means for you personally, and as you do so, may this motivate you to set goals that will help you to show your appreciation for what Jehovah has done for you through his Son, Jesus.*

What if we feel that our first love for Jehovah has waned, as if we were doing things just for the sake of doing them - going to meetings, attending meetings, and engaging in the preaching work - but not out of love for Jehovah?

10 The apostle Paul counseled Timothy to concentrate on his service to Jehovah and to meditate on how he could improve his service. (Read 1 Timothy 4:13, 15.) So take that counsel to heart and meditate on ways in which you can serve Jehovah more fully and keep your spiritual fire burning. (Rom. 12:11) For example, you may want to prepare well in advance for the meetings so that you can concentrate afterward. For example, in the weeks leading up to the Memorial, meditating on all the blessings that Jehovah has bestowed on his people will help you to deepen your appreciation for the ransom, which opens the way for you to have a relationship with Jehovah.

11 If you feel that your zeal for God has waned somewhat, ask yourself:

10

Ask yourself, 'What steps can I take to strengthen my relationship with Jehovah?' (See paragraph 16)

What Does It Mean?

(Matt. 6:33) When choosing entertainment, can I truly say that I hate what is bad? (Ps. 97:10) Am I a peacemaker, working to promote peace in the congregation? (Eph. 4:2, 3) Meditating on all that Jehovah and his Son have done for us will move us to love them and to love our brothers and sisters. Then we will not focus on what we want, but we will focus on what Jehovah and Christ want.*

Those Who Stopped Worshiping Jehovah

(Luke 21:34) Or they may have been deeply hurt by the words and actions of a fellow Christian. (Jas. 3:2) Or they may have been deeply hurt by the actions or words of a fellow Christian.

15 Do you think that Jehovah is angry with those who have strayed from the truth? Not at all! When he finds someone who has strayed from the truth, Jehovah searches for him, educates him, and helps him to return to him. (Read Ezekiel 34:11, 12, 16.)

* To learn how to show appreciation for what Jehovah has done for you, see the study article "What Motivates You to Serve God?" in the June 15, 1995, issue of The Watchtower.

14. What may cause some to stumble?

15. How does Jehovah show that he cares for those who have strayed? (Ezekiel 34:11, 12, 16)

24 Watching the World

He wants to bring your son back to him because he sees something good in you.

16 What a comforting thought you will find in the brochure Return to Jehovah: Be confident that Jehovah will rescue you if you return to him; he will help you to cope with any anxiety; he will heal any wound; you will have a clean conscience and the peace of mind that comes from serving Jehovah again with your Christian brothers and sisters. Remember, too, that the elders are ready and willing to help you. They can be like "a hiding place from the wind and a place of concealment from the rainstorm". (Isa. 32:2) To show your appreciation for the ransom, ask yourself, 'How far can I go to keep my relationship with Jehovah intact?' (Rom. 1:18; 1 Pet. 2:25) Doing so may include attending meetings at the Kingdom Hall, talking to an elder about your desire to return to Jehovah, arranging for someone to study with you, and taking steps to return to Jehovah in appreciation for the ransom.

16. (See also pictures.) (b) What might help inactive ones to return to Jehovah?

What Would You Do?

17 As Jesus explained, Jehovah sent his Son to earth "in order that everyone exercising faith in him might not be destroyed but have everlasting life". (John 3:16) By means of the ransom, Jehovah has made it possible for us to be freed from the bondage of sin and death.

18 While you may not be able to express your gratitude for the ransom in the same way, remember that Jehovah's servants around the world strive to live "no longer for themselves, but for him who died for them". If you make similar efforts, you too can be sure that Jehovah will bless you. - 2 Cor. 5:15.

17-18. How can we use our time wisely during this year's Memorial season?

How Would You Answer?

▪ As a Bible student, how can you show your appreciation for the ransom?

■ If you are baptized, how can you show appreciation for the ransom?

□ If you are inactive, how can you show appreciation for the ransom?

LISTEN to the song.

Praise the Earth's New King

This article was last edited on 30 MARCH, 2026.

Psalm 76 - What Does It Mean?

Good News at Hand!

What Does the Bible Really Teach?

We will learn how to be truthful and how to present Bible truths in a convincing way.

Be Gracious in Teaching the Truth

Jehovah, the God of truth. - Ps. 31:5.

Whether we were raised in the truth or are new converts to the truth, each of us is guided by the truth of God's Word in all that we do and say, knowing that to be accepted into Jehovah's family, we must live in harmony with the truth. - John 15:1-3.

2 Jesus always spoke the truth, and his truthfulness was well-known even to his enemies, who hated the truth. (Matt. 22:16) Jesus showed how the truths he taught would affect people when he said: "I am bringing division, so that a man will be divided against his father, and a daughter against her mother, and a daughter-in-law against her mother-in-law". (Matt. 23:37) He knew that the truths he preached would divide the world into two camps, one attractive and the other unattractive. - 2 Thess. 2:9-11.

3 In imitation of Jesus, we too strive to speak the truth at all times.

1. What must we do to be accepted into Jehovah's family?

2. (a) What was Jesus known for? (b) How did the truths Jesus taught affect people?

3. What will we consider in this article?

26

This article will answer such questions as: Where can we find the truth? Why should we speak the truth? How should we speak the truth? When should we teach the truth? How should we use our tongue? When should we speak the truth?

Where Can We Find the Truth?

(Ps. 19:9; 119:142, 151) He is the "God of truth", the "God of faithfulness", the "God of truth" and the "God of truth". (2 Chron. 23:19) Yes, it is impossible for Jehovah to lie! (Heb. 6:18) It is fitting that Jehovah is called "the God of truth". - Ps. 31:5.

5 Some say that Jehovah is a mysterious God, but that is not true, for there is abundant evidence of his existence all around us. (Rom. 1:20) Speaking to Greek philosophers in Athens, the apostle Paul made it clear that God wants us to find him and that he is not far from each one of us. (Read Acts 17:27.)

4. Why can we say that Jehovah is the Source of truth?

5. Why is it easy to identify the true God? Explain. (Acts 17:27)

6 One of the best ways to come to know Jehovah is by studying the Bible, whose writers were inspired by his spirit. (2 Pet. 1:20, 21) Thus, the Bible is trustworthy because it contains the truth about the creation of the heavens and the earth, the creation of mankind, and the origin of life on earth. (Gen. 1:1, 26) It also explains how mankind came to be in bondage to sin, why we suffer and die, and how Jehovah will use his Son to undo all the damage caused by the father of the lie, Satan. (John 16:20) The Scriptures also reveal that Jesus will destroy the wicked, resurrect the dead, cleanse the earth of unrighteousness, and deliver us from sin and imperfection. (John 11:25, 26; 1 John 3:8) We have every reason to trust these inspired words, for Jehovah has given us the privilege of teaching the truth and has entrusted us with the responsibility of sharing it with others. - Matt. 28:19, 20.

Why Should We Be Concerned?

7 As we have seen, speaking the truth is a requirement for being part of God's universal family, but to have Jehovah's approval, it is important not only that we speak the truth but also that we have the right attitude toward it.

6. What are some of the truths found in the Bible, and why are you excited about them?

7-8. (a) Why is it important to speak the truth with the right motive? (b) Give an example. (Mark 3:11, 12) (See also picture.)

January 27, 2026

To whom do you give glory when you teach the truth? (See paragraphs 7-8)

The apostle Paul wrote: "If, now, you are suffering as the Son of man is suffering, continue praying that you may be healed through the power of the holy spirit by which you have been freed from sin, that your faith may become complete, that you may be able to stand firm in the hope of the salvation by which you have been saved.

If our motives for speaking the truth are important to Jehovah, how much more so should our love for him motivate us to speak the truth, and when others praise us for it, let us give all the glory to Jehovah! - Matt. 5:16; compare Acts 14:12-15.

9 To illustrate another danger of boasting: If we divulge confidential information that an elder has shared with us, those to whom we later reveal such information may be attracted to us - perhaps thinking that we know more than they do - and may be treated with special respect, but that would not please Jehovah. (Prov. 11:13) Why? Because we are not entitled to divulge confidential information, even if what we say is true.

HOW should we teach the truth?

10 Read Colossians 4:6. The apostle Paul wrote to Christians living in Colossae:

9. What should we avoid, and why?

10. What does the Bible mean when it says that our speech should be gracious? (Colossians 4:6)

28 Watching the World

Let your utterance be always with graciousness, not merely what is good for the building up of others, but also what is beneficial for their benefit.

11 In applying Paul's counsel to be gracious in our speech, let us use the truth of God's Word like a sharp sword that penetrates even to the dividing of soul and spirit - revealing what is really in a person's heart.

11-12. (a) Why do we need to be careful when we speak the truth? (b) Illustrate. (See also pictures.)

12 Suppose we meet a householder in the ministry who has a history of idolatry and who observes Christmas and Easter with his family, and we can reason with him from the Scriptures, explaining that such celebrations have pagan origins.

13 Paul's counsel to use our tongue with "salt" does not mean that we should overemphasize or exaggerate the truth, but that we should use our tongue with graciousness so as to reach the hearts of our listeners with the truth.

13. How can our speech be seasoned with salt?

How can you become an effective teacher of the truth? (See paragraphs 11-12)

We can imitate Jesus' example by being selective and by not rushing into conversations

(See also paragraph 15)

For example, in some cultures it is customary for people to talk loudly, even if the person is older than they are, but in other cultures it is not customary to do so, so it is seen as unproductive and harmful. Paul urges us to "know how to give an answer to each one". That is, our speech should be tailored to appeal to the hearer, not to our desires.

When Should We Teach the Truth?

14 Jesus always spoke graciously to his disciples, and he patiently taught them many things. (Mark 6:34) However, they still had much to learn. Did Jesus tell them everything he knew?

15 Jesus' example illustrates that we should not simply tell others everything we know when we teach them the truth. How can we imitate him by being reasonable? Consider the example of a father whose family celebrates pagan holidays, such as Christmas and Easter, and thus disapprove of God's view of such holidays.

14. When on earth, did Jesus teach his disciples everything he knew? Explain.

Explain. (Proverbs 25:11) (See also pictures.) 15 The apostle Paul wrote: "Let each one of you individually so love his neighbor as himself; on the other hand, if anyone does not love his neighbor as himself, God does not love him.

30 From Our Readers

To help our Bible students make progress, we need to be discerning when discussing what they need to know and at the appropriate time. - Read Proverbs 25:11.

16 If we are to help others to "walk in the truth", we need to set a good example in all that we do. (3 John 3, 4) By living in harmony with the promises found in God's Word, by speaking the truth with the right motive, by always speaking with graciousness, by speaking at the right time, and by praising Jehovah as the only true God.

16. How can we help Bible students to "go on walking in the truth"?

COVER SUBJECT: In the ministry, a brother who sees a Christmas tree in a householder's home is using jw.org to show the householder how Christmas is related to pagan customs. In the second picture, a brother is using jw.org to help the father to decide which of the two approaches will be most effective.

What Have You Learned From Our Faithful Servants?

▪ Acts 17:27, footnote

■ Colossians 4:6

■ Proverbs 25:11

PSALM 160 What is the meaning of the song?

Good news!

The Watchtower Announces the Kingdom of Jehovah

January 2026 ▸ Vol. 147, No. 1

What Does It Mean to Be a Christian?

Study articles for March 2-8

Continue to Be Guided by God's Spirit

Study articles for March 9 to 15

How to Cope With Anxiety

Study articles for March 16-22

Why We Need the Ransom

Study articles for March 23 to 29

How Can You Show Appreciation for the Ransom?

This article is for study March 30-April 5 26

Be Gracious in Teaching the Truth

The Science of Education

Visualize the Bible Stories

The following suggestions can help you to visualize the events as they unfolded, so that you can better understand and apply the lessons you learn from the accounts recorded in the Bible:

When you read the Bible as a family, you can have each member of the family play the role of one of the characters, which can help you to visualize the scene in your mind.

• Put yourself in the place of the characters, trying to understand their thoughts and feelings by asking yourself questions such as: 'Why did the person say or do what he did, and how would I feel or feel if I were in his situation?'

• Drawing a picture: Drawing a picture of a Bible account can help you to remember it, even if the picture is not as beautiful as you would like it to be.

This publication is not for sale. It is part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations.

Unless otherwise indicated, Scripture quotations are from the modern-language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) January 2026 is published by the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2025 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Go to jw.org, or scan this icon

What is JW.ORG®?

w26.01-E