June 2026

The Watchtower Announces the Kingdom of Jehovah

This article will be discussed in the following article.

What is the future of the earth?

SING 122 Be Steadfast and Unmovable!

WHAT THE BIBLE SAYS: No matter what trials we may face, no matter what circumstances we may find ourselves in, we can remain faithful to Jehovah.

How Can We Maintain Our Loyalty to Jehovah in the Face of Trials?

"Lord, to whom shall we go? You have the words of eternal life". - JOHN 6:68.

WHILE teaching a crowd of disciples in Capernaum, Jesus said: "Unless you eat the flesh of the Son of man and drink his blood, you have no life in yourselves; whoever eats my flesh and drinks my blood has everlasting life, and I will resurrect him at the last day". (John 6:53, 54) Upon hearing this, many of his disciples said: "This speech is shocking; who can listen to it?" - John 6:60.

The disciples, impressed by the miracle that Jesus performed, exclaimed: "This is for a certainty the Prophet that was to come into the world". (John 6:14) Clearly, those disciples believed in Jesus, but when their faith was tested, they fell away.

3 The twelve apostles were still with Jesus. "Do you want to leave, too? " Peter answered". Lord, to whom shall we go? You have the words of eternal life, and we believe and know that you are the Holy One of God".

1-2. What event occurs during Jesus' visit to Capernaum?

3. How did the apostles respond to Jesus' instructions, and why? (See also picture.)

2

Although many disciples abandoned Jesus, Peter and the other apostles stayed with him

(See the third paragraph.)

(John 6:68, 69) Although Peter and the other apostles may have been puzzled by Jesus' words about eating his flesh and drinking his blood, they chose to remain loyal to Jesus because they had no doubt that he was the Christ sent by God. - Luke 9:20, 35.

4 Even though we serve Jehovah, our loyalty to him may be tested by circumstances - such as our reaction to adjustments in our understanding of the Bible or in the way we carry out our preaching work, to changes in the way we conduct our ministry, to doubts we may have about Jehovah's way of dealing with difficult situations, or to the unkind treatment or mistreatment of a fellow Christian or someone we trust.

4. What are some of these temptations?

5 When we face trials such as those described in the preceding verses, we need to have faith that is strong enough to withstand them. If we keep our faith strong, we will be able to endure whatever trials may come our way, and we will be able to maintain our integrity. - Read 1 Corinthians 15:58; Colossians 1:23.

6 The apostles were not like the rest of Jesus' disciples, who remained steadfast in their faith in Jehovah as the Creator of all things and in his Son, Jesus.

5. Illustrate the need for strong faith (Colossians 1:23)

6. Why did the apostles not give up?

June 2026

3

In the meantime, let us focus on three basic truths that can help us to remain steadfast no matter what trials we may face: (1) Jehovah is the Creator of all things; (2) Jehovah is the Author of the Bible; and (3) Jehovah supports those who serve him.

Jehovah Is the Source of Eternal Happiness

7 Read Revelation 4:11. Considering the fact that Jehovah is the Creator and the Provider of life, we need to be convinced that he is worthy of our worship, that he is powerful, and that he has the power to rescue us from temptation. Otherwise, when we face trials, we could begin to doubt that Jehovah exists and that he will help us. - Heb. 11:6.

8 If you are ever tempted to question the reality of creation, do not hesitate to do research in our publications, such as the brochures Was Life Created? and The Origin of Life - Five Questions Worth Asking, as well as the series "Was It Designed?" found on jw.org.

7. What does Revelation 4:11 reveal about Jehovah, but what viewpoint can we take when under trial?

8-9. What can you do if doubts about the existence of a Creator are growing in your mind? (See also pictures.)

It is also the name of the planet's largest moon, which is located in the center of the Milky Way galaxy in the northern part of the Milky Way galaxy.

You may have read the brochure Was Life Created? before, but you can read it again (See paragraph 8)

Jessica, who lives in the United States, said: "I read the Origin of Life booklets, which convinced me of the existence of intelligent design. I had heard that before, but reading the booklets again convinced me that there must be a Creator.

9 In your next personal study, you can therefore use the time to examine further the evidence for God's existence, not only to strengthen your conviction that Jehovah exists but also to get to know him better as a Person. (Rom. 1:20) You may also be able to use such information to help those who have doubts about God's existence.

JEHOVAH is the Author of the Bible

10 Read 2 Timothy 3:16, 17. By means of the inspired Word of God, Jehovah has given us the answers to life's most perplexing questions and has revealed his will and requirements for us.

11 Why can we be sure that Jehovah will

10. Why is the Bible so important to us? (2 Timothy 3:16, 17)

11. What convinced you that the Bible is inspired of God?

Why? Because the Bible is the most widely translated and widely distributed book on earth. The Bible is written in harmony by some 40 writers over a period of some 1,600 years. Its wise counsel has helped millions of people today, even though it was written centuries ago. (Lev. 13:20; 15:21; Matt. 7:12) Furthermore, the fulfillment of numerous Bible prophecies provides further evidence that the Bible is reliable and trustworthy. - Josh. 23:14.

12 What should we do if we have doubts about the Bible's inspiration? We need to pray about the matter and do some diligent research. Consider the example of a young Christian named Jordan, whose parents raised him in the truth.

12. What should we do if we have doubts about the Bible's inspiration?

June 2026

5

Jehovah's people stand out as unique because of their love and unity (See paragraph 16)

I am convinced of it. If we examine the evidence that the Bible is inspired of God, our faith will grow stronger. - 1 Cor. 3:12, 13.

Jehovah Hates His People

You might ask yourself such questions as these: 'Who make a real effort to live by the Bible's high moral standards? What religion bases all its teachings on the Bible?' (2 Tim. 4:3, 4) 'Who really are doing Jehovah's will today?' - Matt. 7:20, 21.

14 Jesus foretold that the good news of the Kingdom would be preached in all the inhabited earth during the last days.

13. What should we do even if we feel that the worship of Jehovah's Witnesses is not sincere?

14. What have Jehovah's Witnesses done in fulfillment of Matthew 24:14?

For more than a century, we have focused on the preaching and teaching of the good news of God's Kingdom in more than 240 lands. - Matt. 28:19, 20.

15 Unlike the rest of the world, we have restored God's name to its rightful place in the Bible, where it appears over 7,000 times in the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures.

16 Read John 13:34, 35. The world today is filled with hatred and division

15. How have Jehovah's Witnesses contributed to the sanctification of God's name? (Matthew 6:9; Isaiah 43:10)

16. Why can you say that Jesus' command found at John 13:34, 35 applies to Jehovah's Witnesses? (See picture.)

6 Watching the World

If you have ever attended a meeting of Jehovah's Witnesses in another part of the world, have you not personally experienced the love and unity that exists among them and seen that Jehovah is using his people to accomplish his purpose today?

What Jehovah Hates the Most

17 Because we are living in "critical times hard to deal with", we do not have to endure "critical times hard to deal with". (2 Tim. 3:1, 13) Additionally, we may face trials that we do not fully understand, such as those caused by decisions or mistakes made by our brothers and sisters.

18 Nevertheless, we can maintain our integrity to Jehovah because of our faith in him as the Creator, the Author of the Bible, and the One who supports his people.

17-18. What problems may we face, but of what can we be confident?

PICTURE DESCRIPTION: A mother and her daughter are traveling in a bus and are happy to see fellow Witnesses preaching.

WHEN we have a problem, how can we get the right answers?

■ Jehovah created all things

■ Jehovah inspired the writing of the Bible

■ Jehovah supports his people

123 Loyally Submitting to God's Arrangement

What is the future of the earth?

90 Encourage One Another

What can we do to cope with misunderstandings or difficulties that arise between us and our brothers and sisters?

How to Maintain Good Relationships

"Clothe yourselves with the tender affections of compassion, kindness, lowliness of mind, mildness, and long-suffering". - COL. 3:12.

IN THIS troubled world, we desperately need to be comforted. Jehovah knows that we can benefit from the comfort of our friends. Do you remember those words?

2 Our friendships with our brothers and sisters should be more than casual friendships; they should involve hard work. We are part of a family that is united by love for Jehovah and Jesus. (John 13:35) Moreover, since imperfect humans are so closely related, our friendships may at times be strained.

3 There may be some who share our personality traits and interests, but there are others with whom our friendship may be strained, such as those with whom we do not agree on certain points of view, those who are very different from us physically, those with whom we do not enjoy a pleasant conversation, or those with whom a fellow Christian is grappling with a serious illness or is experiencing some other difficult situation that could jeopardize their friendship. In this article, we will consider how

1. Where can we find true friends? 2. How should we view friendships with our brothers and sisters?

8

Before we continue, though, let us consider some qualities that can help us to maintain a good relationship with our brothers and sisters.

A GOOD education can help us to be happy in spite of our limitations

For example, to the Thessalonians, the apostle Paul wrote: "We . . . have made every effort to know you personally". (1 Thess. 2:17) Some have found that face-to-face communication is the best way to strengthen friendships. But when problems arise between us and our brothers and sisters, we may not be able to resolve them simply by talking to them.

(Read Colossians 3:12) Just as oil keeps a car running smoothly, godly attitudes help us to handle any disagreements that arise between us and our brothers and sisters in a positive way. Let us consider three areas of life that can make it difficult for us to maintain peace with our brothers and sisters and see how we can imitate Jesus' humility, patience, kindness, and compassion in each of these areas. This will help us to maintain a wholesome relationship with our brothers and sisters.

When You Need to Talk to Someone

6 Why can problems arise? Because two brothers who are organizing a group for field service may each feel that their viewpoint is better than the other's, and they may each feel that their viewpoint is better than the other's. If left unchecked, such differences can easily lead to resentment that can lead to serious disagreements.

7 Imitate Jesus' humility. Jesus taught his disciples that humility is needed to resolve differences and to handle disagreements. (Matt. 20:25-28) On the night before his death, Jesus set a fine example for his disciples by humbly washing their feet, a humble task that was usually performed by a lowly slave.

4. What can we do to maintain strong friendships?

What will help us to resolve any differences we may have with fellow believers? Illustrate. - Colossians 3:12.

6. How can disagreements about a matter become a problem?

7. How did Jesus help his disciples to see the need for humility when dealing with disagreements?

JUNE 9 of the year 2026

If you are humble, you can overlook minor disagreements with your brothers and forgive them freely.

(See also paragraph 8)

(John 13:3-5, 12-16) In this way, Jesus taught them how to maintain good relations with others and how to deal with disagreements rather than shying away from them.

8 Humility helps us to overlook minor disagreements with our brothers and sisters and to forgive them freely. (Read Colossians 3:13.) (Prov. 7:21, 22) Ask yourself, Which is more important to me - my insistence that I am right or our friendship? You may be able to accept the other person's point of view and move on.

(Read Proverbs 17:9; 1 Cor. 6:7) Make it your determination not to allow anything to interfere with the peace that exists between you and the other person, for example, by taking the initiative to make peace with him or her. (Ps. 34:14) So after you approach the person, you might say something like this: "We did not do that today; we can't let a situation like this ruin our friendship. (Luke 17:3, 4) Remember, you are not there to tell him what is good news and what is bad news.

(Colossians 3:13) (See also pictures.) 8 How does humility help us to deal with minor disagreements with our brothers and sisters?

9. How can humility help you when you have failed to resolve a disagreement? (Proverbs 17:9)

10 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

But if you go to him to make peace with him, you will destroy your friendship. - Prov. 18:24.

STAY ALLOWED TO YOUR CHILDREN and to the needs of others

10 For example, some brothers and sisters may not be as friendly as we would like to be because of differences in personality or background. Others may have personal traits that irritate us, or they may have been treated unfairly, or they may have been isolated or narrow-minded because of their upbringing or culture.

11 Imitate Jesus' patience: Jesus was able to cultivate friendships with people of different backgrounds. For example, when the apostle James and the apostle John sought prominent positions with Jesus in the Kingdom, they showed favoritism. (Mark 10:35-37) By this time, however, Jesus had given up his high position and privileges in heaven and had come to earth. (Phil. 2:5-8) Although these two men had very different personalities, Jesus was patient with James, John, and others.

12 Of course, Jesus was not expecting perfection from his apostles, for he knew that most of them had felt as did James and John. (Mark 9:34) He understood their feelings because of the environment in which he grew up and the prominence and privileges they enjoyed.

13 How can we maintain peace with our brothers and sisters? (Prov. 14:29) Many of us have personality traits that, while not necessarily bad, make us different from the rest of the world, and we are happy when others do not criticize us for our personality traits. (Read Ephesians 4:2.) For example, consider how difficult it is for a quiet or shy person to get along with others or to communicate with them. Therefore, we need to be patient with those who are uncomfortable or uninterested. While not everyone can be a close friend, it is good to remember that Christians with different personalities can work well together.

14 Long-suffering will also help us to focus on the good in others, and we will find it easier to deal with brothers and sisters who may not have the same background as we do.

10. What can make it difficult to cultivate friendships with our brothers?

11. How was Jesus able to cultivate friendships with people of different backgrounds?

12. What helped Jesus to be patient with his disciples?

13. How will long-suffering help us to maintain good relations with our brothers and sisters? (Ephesians 4:2)

14. With patience, on what will we focus our attention?

JUNE 11 of the year 2026

True friends encourage and help one another (See paragraph 19)

Similarly, when we look for the good in our brothers and sisters, we are imitating Jesus and his Father, Jehovah.

15 The most important step in maintaining a good relationship with a brother or a sister who has a different personality is to pray for Jehovah's help to deal with a personality trait that irritates you, and then to ask Jehovah to help you to cultivate self-control. (Read Luke 11:13; Gal. 5:22, 23.)

When Our Neighbors Suffer

16 Why can we be distressed when our brothers and sisters suffer or are persecuted?

(Job 6:2, 3) At times, we may not know all the details of our brothers' circumstances, so we may think that they are being sarcastic or that they are being unreasonable.

17 Imitate Jesus' kindness and compassion by showing compassion and taking action to help those who were suffering, even those whom he did not know personally. For example, when a blind man named Bartimaeus heard Jesus pass by, he immediately shouted to draw attention to himself. (Matt. 20:34; Mark 10:46-52) Jesus was moved with pity.

15. What can help us to maintain friendships with brothers and sisters who have different personalities?

16. What effect can adversity have on our brothers and sisters?

17. What do you learn from the way Jesus helped the blind man Bartimaeus?

12 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

The man's eyesight was restored, and he praised God for his faith.

(Read 1 Thessalonians 5:14.) Remember, a true friend is always there for his loved ones, especially when they are in distress. (Prov. 17:17) Such a friend not only feels compassion but also offers comfort, encouragement, and practical help.

19 In what specific ways can we show kindness and compassion? (Matt. 7:12; 1 Pet. 3:8) Listen to the person's feelings, and if possible, use words of encouragement. (Prov. 12:25) Do not assume that you fully understand what he or she is going through. (Prov. 18:13) Try to be patient, and do not expect everything he or she says or does to turn out well. - Eph. 4:32.

20 While we are grateful that we have many loyal friends in the Christian congregation, we are all imperfect, and many of us have been through difficult times and have said or done things that we later regret.

20. What kind of friend do you want to be?

18. What can you do to support our brothers and sisters in tribulation? (1 Thessalonians 5:14)

19. In what ways can we show kindness and compassion? (See also pictures.)

PICTURE DESCRIPTION: An elderly brother and a younger brother who disagree about how to work the territory later work together in the ministry.

WHAT YOU CAN DO to make your relationship with your spouse happier . . .

when you disagree with them?

when there is a difference between you and a fellow believer?

when your brother suffers?

What is the meaning of Psalm 124?

Remaining Faithful Forever

This article will be updated on Aug. 24-30, 2026.

PSALMS 65 Keep on Moving Forward!

What Does the Bible Really Teach?

How our field service team helps us.

Benefits of the Field Service Group

I will praise Jehovah with my whole heart in the congregations of the upright ones. - Ps. 111:1.

(Ps. 148:1, 2, 12, 13) At the same time, you may be part of a small group of brothers and sisters called the "preaching team", which plays a vital role in fulfilling Jehovah's command to preach the good news of the Kingdom worldwide. - Matt. 24:14.

2 A sister named Wendy* says: "Being in a field service group has helped me to learn new ways to preach and to improve my teaching skills, to set new goals, to reach new goals, and to make new friends. For example, after the brothers help someone to get baptized, the overseer of the field service team has the unique privilege of gradually helping that person to grow spiritually over many years.

* Some names have been changed.

1-2. How do some feel about preaching groups?

14

3 In this article, we will consider how a service-group overseer and his assistant can help those in their field service group, how each of us can help his or her own group, and how our group as a whole can help us.

GREAT WITNESSES and their helpers

4 A service-group overseer is an elder appointed by the body of elders to help the brothers in his congregation to grow spiritually.* First, he takes a close look at the individuals in his service-group. (Prov. 27:23) As a caring shepherd, he keeps a close eye on the welfare of those in the flock, assures them of his care, and provides them with spiritual help. (1 John 2:15-17) Second, he provides practical training for each publisher in the congregation, taking the lead in field service activities, especially on weekends, and regularly working with each publisher in the ministry to train him.

The coordinator of a congregation servant is called a body servant because he is not an overseer in the congregation but acts under the direction of the body of elders.

3. What will we consider in this article?

4. (a) What is the overseer of a service group's main responsibility? (b) How can the overseer of a service group help those in his group? (See the box "Help for Group Overseers".)

Help for the Overseer

• Keep the meeting for field service to no more than seven minutes in length so that brothers and sisters can get started in the preaching work early.

• Try to work with everyone in your group in the ministry, including those who for some reason are not regularly present at meetings.

• Encourage the members of your group by making regular visits to their homes, the Kingdom Hall, or any other convenient place, by telephone, or by letter.

• Train brothers to reach out for responsibilities in the congregation.

• Take the lead in field service meetings with other groups.

Third, he helps to train baptized brothers so that they can qualify to take on responsibilities in the congregation. (1 Tim. 3:1) He gives Scriptural counsel and heartfelt commendation to the men in the congregation.

JUNE 15 of the year 2026

Since the overseer of the field service team carries out an important work, the elders make sure that suitable elders are assigned to the task.

5 Jörg, who serves as a group overseer in a congregation in Germany, says: "Sometimes it is difficult for me to keep up with all the responsibilities I have as a group overseer, and I find it difficult to communicate with all the members of my group. Obed, an elder in Suriname, says: "I enjoy training others, but it takes time and effort, and sometimes the results are not immediately apparent. So I find it difficult to train others". What can help group overseers who face similar challenges?

6 Where possible, small preaching groups should be organized in such a way that the congregation overseer can get to know all the members of the group and help them to be spiritually strong.

An elder can train a ministerial servant in a field service group, perhaps assigning him to conduct a meeting for field service (See paragraph 7)

The overseers of groups of publishers may find it challenging to keep a close watch on the number of publishers in a group, especially if they are assigned to strengthen the brothers and sisters in the congregation.

7 If you have the privilege of serving in a small group of elders, why not make it your goal to train your assistant to be a better shepherd of God's flock? (Read 1 Peter 5:2.)

5. What challenge do some overseers face?

6. How do small preaching groups help the overseers of the congregations?

7. What can overseers do to help all in the flock in congregations where there are few elders? (1 Peter 5:2) (See also picture.)

16 What Does It Mean to Be a Christian?

(2 Tim. 2:2) With the help of experienced brothers in your congregation, you can also train others - for example, pioneers and experienced publishers - to work with new and inexperienced publishers, and you can help them learn how to start conversations with people in the territory, how to make return visits, and how to conduct Bible studies.

HELP YOU to spread the good news

(Read Romans 1:12.) If your work schedule does not allow you to share regularly in the preaching work with others, why not speak to the overseer of your work group to see if he can adjust your work schedule, perhaps to accommodate your wishes? (Neh. 2:4-6) If you are unable to attend a meeting of your preaching group because of illness or old age, talk to the overseer of your work group. Perhaps he will arrange for you to attend field service meetings by teleconference and then have someone witness with you by telephone or by letter.

(Rom. 12:11; Col. 4:5) As you do so, you will benefit yourself and all in your congregation, so pray to Jehovah to give you the desire and the strength to do his will. - Phil. 2:13.

9 Show hospitality. (Read Romans 12:13.) For example, we might invite a group of Kingdom publishers to our home for a meeting for field service. In some congregations, a group of brothers and sisters may arrange to have a meal together after a talk by a visiting speaker. Even if the speaker is unable to be with them, some in the group may want to share a meal to encourage one another. Instead of worrying about the taste of the food, I focus on getting to know the brothers and sisters with whom I am able to converse. Being hospitable in the preaching work draws us closer to Jehovah and to one another. - Neh. 8:10; Acts 20:35.

10 Take the initiative. If we become more effective in preaching and teaching the good news, we will enjoy regular participation in the preaching work

8. What can you do to help your field service team? (Romans 1:12)

9. How can we add to the joy of our preaching group? (Romans 12:13)

(Prov. 1:5; 27:17) (See also pictures.) (b) What can we do to improve our skills in the ministry?

JUNE 17 of the year 2026

Since the preaching team is small, we get to know the members of the group and work with them in the ministry

(See also paragraph 10)

(Read Proverbs 1:5; 27:17.) A sister named Heather, who is shy, says: "I asked a pioneer to help me make return visits. He arranged for me to work with him, and he offered to help me. I'm glad that I asked for help, because now I enjoy going out in the ministry.

The Benefits of Silence

11 Spiritual support: By means of the field service team, Jehovah provides much-needed encouragement and comfort to widows, orphans, and the elderly, all of whom are precious to him. (1 Thess. 2:8; Jas. 1:27) The overseer of the field service team can be a source of encouragement and comfort to us when we need it.

12 Consider the example of Wendy, mentioned earlier. "My mother often found it difficult to join a field service group on weekends because of my father's strong opposition to the truth", she says, "but I was able to do so.

13 Sharing in the preaching work with members of a different preaching group strengthens our unity. (Phil. 1:27) Being in a small group can also make it easier for those who are shy or timid to share in the ministry.

11-12. (a) What spiritual help is provided by the field service group arrangement? (b) Give an example.

13. (a) How does the preaching work help us to draw close to one another? (b) How does the preaching work help us to draw close to one another?

18 What Does It Mean to Be a Christian?

(2 Cor. 6:13) Even during difficult times, such as when we are sick, depressed, or bereaved, we can count on their support. (1 Thess. 5:14) We know that we need friends now and will need them even more in the future.

14 In times of distress, such as disasters, emergencies, serious illnesses, persecution, or economic hardships, our preaching group supports us. In each congregation, the Service Committee meets with the overseers of the groups to determine what is needed and how we can help. The overseers of the groups take the lead in determining where each member of the group is and what needs he or she may have, such as medical care, food, water, shelter, and clothing.

(Zech. 8:23; Rev. 5:11) The desire of Jehovah's entire organization is that as many people as possible hear the good news of God's Kingdom. (Rev. 14:6, 7) May all of us take full advantage of the preaching work that Jehovah's organization carries out to help us praise him with our whole heart. - Ps. 111:1.

14. When disasters or unexpected difficulties strike, how does our preaching work help us?

15. What is the desire of all of Jehovah's servants?

COVER: Two sisters in a preaching group are preaching together.

How Would You Answer?

■ What steps do the service-group overseer and his assistant take to help the members of their group?

▪ What can we do to help our field service team?

■ How does the field service class arrangement help us?

PSALMS 61 Go Forward, You Witnesses!

It's just that I don't know what I'm doing.

Psalm 89 - Obey and Be Blessed

What Does the Bible Really Teach?

When attending Christian meetings, assemblies, and conventions, we need to pay close attention to the program.

Pay Attention to How You Listen

"Pay attention to how you listen". - LUKE 8:18.

JEHOVAH provides us with so much spiritual food today that we can echo the sentiments of the psalmist David, who sang: "Jehovah is my Shepherd. I shall lack nothing. - Read Psalm 23:1, 2, 5.

2 At meetings, we hear much that is not new to us, but we need to be reminded of it, even if we are firmly rooted in the truth. (2 Pet. 1:12) Do you find it difficult to pay attention when new topics are discussed? If so, this article will help you to see the importance of paying attention at meetings and will also tell you how those who teach in the congregation can help others to pay attention. First, though, let us answer the question: Who is the Source of our teachings?

What lessons can we learn from Jehovah's example?

3 Jehovah's Word, the Bible, is the only source of accurate knowledge. (2 Tim. 3:16, 17) Jesus' knowledge of the Scriptures was so powerful that his listeners wondered: "How did this man have this knowledge of the Scriptures, since he was unlettered and unschooled?" (John 7:15) On the other hand, honesthearted ones were moved to listen to Jesus' explanations of God's Word.

1-2. (a) How does Jehovah provide spiritual food for his people today? (Psalm 23:1, 2, 5) (b) What will we consider in this article?

3. How does Jehovah teach us, and how do his servants use the Bible?

20

(Acts 17:2, 3; 18:24, 28) As Jehovah's Witnesses, we know that our publications, broadcasts, talks, and videos are all based on the Bible. Often, people who attend our meetings are impressed by the way we use the Bible to explain Bible texts.

4 As used in the Bible, the word "obedience" often conveys a sense of submission, and when we understand Jehovah's direction through his Word and what he expects of us, we find it easier to obey him.

WHY DO WE HAVE to be obedient when we learn?

(Matt. 22:37) The more we learn about Jehovah, the deeper our love for him grows, and the more our love for him grows, the more we want to obey him and serve him acceptably. - Read John 4:23, 24; 1 John 5:3.

6 Love for our neighbors motivates us to listen carefully at our meetings.

4. As used in the Bible, what is usually implied by the word "obedience"?

5. What does our love for Jehovah move us to do? (John 4:23, 24; 1 John 5:3)

6. What are some of the things we learn at our meetings?

How to Improve Your Listening

When longtime servants of Jehovah were asked what helps them to pay attention at meetings, they said the following:

• Suefawn, baptized in 1986, says, "When you attend a meeting, sit at the front so that you can concentrate on the speakers and watch the videos".

• David, also baptized in 1983, says: "I often pray to Jehovah to help me concentrate on the study. I remind myself that attending, paying attention, and participating in every aspect of the study is part of my worship".

• Nicolas, baptized in 1982, says: "Make it your goal to commend the one who gave the talk, the demonstration, or the illustration that impressed you".

• Augustine, also baptized in 1988, says: "When the faithful slave brings up something that we have already studied, I tell myself that it is spiritual food at the proper time".

For example, the brochure Love People - Make Disciples of People has helped us to show love to people and to teach them effectively in the ministry.

JUNE 21 of the year 2026

If so, you will be able to listen carefully to the student presentations that are given at the midweek meeting.

(Deut. 32:44-47) We need encouragement that will help us to endure the trials we face until the new world arrives, and our being attentive and attentive at our meetings is one way to receive that encouragement. (Rom. 8:25) Now, more than ever, we are living in the time of the end. - Matt. 24:42-44; Rev. 1:3.

HOW TO HELP OTHERS TO GET AWAY WITH THE BIBLE WHEN THEY ARE STUDYING How to help others to get involved in the field ministry How to help others to get involved in the field ministry How to help others to get involved in the field ministry How to help others to get involved in the field ministry How to help others to get involved in the field ministry How to help others to get involved in the field ministry

8 Those who teach publicly, especially those who give public talks, have an ongoing need to improve the quality of their teaching. By giving well-prepared, Scripturally based talks, brothers can draw people to the truth and help fellow believers to continue to serve Jehovah joyfully. Although this suggestion is directed primarily to public speakers, it is also helpful to consider the following points:

7. Why is it vital that we keep on listening to Jehovah?

8. Why is it important for brothers who teach at congregation meetings to improve the quality of their teaching?

can be used by all of us. - 2 Tim. 4:2; Titus 1:9.

How can you avoid becoming confused? The following suggestions will help: (1) Start your presentation by focusing on the main points; (2) summarize each of the main points; (3) pause when you finish a keynote; and (4) summarize each of the main points at the end of the presentation.

(Prov. 2:4, 5; Acts 4:20) Meditating on the scriptures and the main points in your talk will help you to deepen your appreciation for what you are learning. A brother in his 70's in the United States still remembers a public talk he attended when he was a teenager: "The speaker urged us not to read the Bible without meditating.

11 Meditate on what will benefit your listeners

9. Why should you make sure that your speech is understandable?

10. Why is it important to be enthusiastic about what you are about to share?

11. What should a speaker do so that his talk will benefit the audience? (1 Timothy 4:13-16)

22 Watching the World

For example, the apostle Paul gave Timothy specific directions on how to keep his faith strong when he was serving the brothers and sisters in Ephesus. (Read 1 Timothy 4:13-16.)

12 As you learn your new language, make sure that you speak in your own voice, not just in words, and that you speak from the heart rather than from a script. The brochure Apply Yourself to Reading and Teaching explains: Speak as you normally would, from your heart, so that your listeners know how you feel about what you are saying and how you feel about them.

12. Why should you speak from the heart when you give public talks?

When you speak from the heart, your words will touch the hearts of your listeners and motivate them to act on what you say.

13 Seek advice from an experienced public speaker, such as by showing him the outline of your presentation and any research you have done, by including his suggestions in your presentation, and by asking him to help you with any suggestions he might find helpful. (Prov. 1:5) As imperfect humans, we may not always be able to discern the truthfulness of what we say. We want to be effective in speaking and teaching so that we can help our listeners to apply Bible truth in their lives.*

* For additional suggestions on improving your speaking and teaching skills, see the brochures Apply Yourself to Reading and Teaching and Benefit From Theocratic Ministry School Education.

13. (a) Why is it important to seek the advice of an experienced speaker? (b) How can we imitate Jesus' example?

Seek advice from experienced speakers to improve your teaching (See paragraph 13)

23

Keep on heeding Jehovah's reminders without being distracted by the use of cell phones and tablets

(See also paragraph 17)

How to Become a Better Listener

14 We need God's reminders to help us cope with the pressures we face in these "critical times". (2 Tim. 3:1) When we receive a message, even if we think we have heard it repeatedly, we should strive to have the same appreciation for God's reminders that the writer of Psalm 119 had. - Read Psalm 119:24, 111, 167.

15 Jehovah sustained the Israelites in the wilderness by providing them with manna (Ex. 16:15, 31) Although the manna initially appealed to them and was a source of nourishment, in time some became disgusted with it and lost their appreciation for it. (Num. 21:5) The lesson is clear: We should never take for granted or take for granted the spiritual provisions that Jehovah provides for us. In fact, applying what we learn can lead to everlasting life! - Prov. 3:13, 16-18; John 17:3.

16 Consider what has helped some who have been serving Jehovah for many years to pay attention at meetings. Ashley, a sister who has been serving Jehovah for over 30 years, says: "Preparing for the meetings helps me to concentrate on what is being discussed. If he is a fool, I will not be a fool. If he is a wise man, I will not be a wise man.

14. Why should we imitate the writer of Psalm 119? (Psalm 119:24, 111, 167)

15. How can we continue to show our appreciation for the spiritual food provided at meetings?

16. What has helped some longtime servants of Jehovah to improve their ability to pay attention at meetings? (See also the box "How to Improve Our Attention".)

24 Watching the World

Instead, he focused on what the Bible says.

17 You may find the following suggestions helpful in improving your ability to pay attention: (1) Do not eat too much before the meeting so that you do not fall asleep; (2) arrive early and have a seat before the program begins; (3) use your cell phone or tablet to mute the program so that you do not get distracted; (4) meditate on what is being discussed in advance; (5) focus on the speaker during the meeting; (6) write notes or draw a picture to help you remember the main points. (8) Ask yourself, 'How can I use this information to help others in the congregation or in the ministry?' (9) When attending meetings, look at the program in advance, including the theme of the day, the parts, and the scriptures used. (10) To prepare your heart and mind for the program, sit down and listen to the songs and music videos that will be played before the meetings begin.

Remain Loyal to Jehovah

(Ps. 23:3; 31:3) The counsel and reminders we receive help us to stay on the right course, so that we do not drift or drift away from the right course. How important it is that we pay close attention and apply the counsel we receive at Christian meetings! (Luke 8:18) Those who listen to Jehovah's voice are blessed with happiness now and hope for the future. - Ps. 119:2, 14.

17. What can you do to improve your concentration at Christian meetings and assemblies? (See also pictures.)

18. Why should we continue to pay attention at our meetings?

How Would You Answer?

□ Why should we pay close attention at meetings?

■ How can brothers who teach at meetings help others to pay attention?

■ What will help you to be a good listener?

PSALMS 87 Come and Be Relieved by Jehovah!

The Word of Life

Seventy Years in the Service of Jehovah in Cuba

As told by GUSTAVO JOSEPH

I WAS born in 1947, the eldest of five children in the village of Esmeralda, on the beautiful island of Cuba, which lies between the Caribbean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean.

I have fond memories of the peaceful atmosphere in our small village, where we lived with a number of relatives - my grandparents, aunts, uncles, and cousins - and where we had plenty to eat and were happy.

When I was about five years old, my parents began to study the Bible with Walton Jones, a very zealous preacher who traveled about ten hours to our village to preach. Whenever he visited, my grandmother's house would be packed with relatives, and we would spend hours discussing the Bible with him. My parents, my uncle Pedro, and my aunt Ela responded positively to what they learned and were soon baptized as Jehovah's Witnesses.

I have fond memories of our youthful zeal in Jehovah's service - the good times we enjoyed then and the hard times we faced now. - 2 Tim. 4:2.

In a Time of Crisis

When I was five years old, my father and his brother, who had attended a convention in another city, unfortunately contracted typhoid fever, and I remember that when they returned, my uncle had a full head of hair, but he survived.

After my father's death, my mother moved the family to live with her brother, who lived in a village called Lombillo.

On August 26, 1957, at the age of ten, I was baptized in a lake near Lombillo.

26 What Does It Mean to Be a Christian?

In 1959, a coup d'état led to the establishment of a dictatorship.

As Jehovah's Witnesses, we maintain our Christian neutrality, and as a result, our freedom to worship Jehovah was restricted. Eventually, the government imposed restrictions on our worship, many of our brothers were arrested, imprisoned, threatened with death or even starved to death, and at times food was offered to them that included blood, contrary to the Bible's command to abstain from blood.

(Heb. 10:25) Assemblies were held on farms and elsewhere in the country, and I recall one occasion when a brother with a large flock of sheep gave us permission to hold an assembly there.

At that time, we appreciated the hard work that was done to provide spiritual food, such as the recording of assembly programs and their distribution to brothers throughout the country; the preparation and recording of entire talks, sometimes with just two speakers; and the occasional roar of a rooster as the recordings were played. Although we did not have the same freedom as our brothers in other parts of the world and did not receive any printed publications, we never lacked spiritual food, and we enjoyed serving Jehovah unitedly. - Neh. 8:10.

As Pioneers and Parents

About a year later, I was assigned as a special pioneer to the large city of Ca-magüey, where I met Emilia, a lovely sister from Santiago de Cuba.

Emilia and I could no longer pioneer, but we wanted to expand our ministry

A. Kingdom Ministry School for congregation elders in Camagüey, Cuba, 1966

B. Our wedding day, 1967

A

B

D

D. In the circuit work

E. Our first district convention after the ban was lifted, 1994

E

The Assembly of the District TEMOR PIADOSO 1994

I worked from 9 a.m. to 11 a.m. every day, which was a challenge for me, but it allowed me to share regularly in the preaching work and to attend Christian meetings with Emilia.

In 1969 our first son, Gustavo, was born, and I was assigned to serve as a circuit overseer nearby. At that time, it was not unusual to meet a traveling overseer with his wife and children in Cuba.

Looking back on our years in the circuit work, it gives me great joy to see how Jehovah not only blessed his people in Cuba but also helped us to inculcate love for him in the hearts of our children.

What We Did When We Were Required to Preach

Our Kingdom Halls were closed, the government deported the missionaries, many young brothers were arrested and sent to prison, and the branch office in Havana was seized.

To avoid detection by the police, we traveled on bicycles, carrying little luggage, and visiting congregations unannounced, pretending that we were visiting family members and that visiting family members did not cause any problems. At times, we were so close to family members that we almost forgot that we had been there. (Mark 10:29, 30) However, we had to be very cautious, since our brothers and sisters were constantly being chased by the police for questioning.

In the circuit work, we met many brothers and sisters we had never met before

28 Watching the World

What is it?

F

G

S. Emilia working in the sewing room at Cuba Bethel

F. Dedication of an Assembly Hall, 2012

G. Bible School for Christian Couples, 2013

And they showed us great kindness and hospitality, for in some places there were mosquitoes, but we had only one house to sleep in, and they gave us shelter so that we could rest comfortably. Others had nothing to eat, but they welcomed us into their homes, and sometimes we ate and drank with them.

We could not take all of our children with us when we visited, so we took only one of them, leaving the others with my mother and sister, who would take them with us for our own protection.

We are both in the full-time ministry and are raising our children, and I appreciate Emilia's hard work in caring for the children, as well as my work in the accounting department and my work as a circuit overseer.

I had to work from Monday to Sunday, and I found that if I could distribute the work to the workers in a certain way, they would have work by the end of the week, which allowed me to visit the circuit overseer. To this day, I don't think the company noticed that I hadn't worked on Saturdays and Sundays.

I Was Poor, But Happy

One day in 1994, the brothers taking the lead in Cuba invited 80 traveling overseers from all over the country to a special meeting in Havana. It was such a joy to meet again after so many years of acquaintance!

And it was told us that they had conspired with the rulers, and that the reason for their doing so was,

JUNE 29 of the year 2026

Branch Committee of the Republic of Cuba, 2013

We all agreed to do so, and from then on, we were gradually given a new lease of life.

In time, we were able to hold our meetings and preach freely, but the work of Jehovah's Witnesses had not yet been legally recognized.

In September 1994, the government approved the reopening of the branch office, and we learned that the branch office building that had been closed 20 years earlier could be used again as a branch office.

One day in 1996, Emilia and I were surprised to receive an invitation to serve at Bethel. I explained to the brothers that I still had two children to care for. The brothers considered my request, and later they called me back and said that it was all right for me to come.

But with the help of the brothers and sisters at Bethel, especially my wife, Emilia, I was able to adjust my thinking. In time, however, I was able to overcome my negative feelings and continue to enjoy my privilege of serving at Bethel.

We feel the same way as the aged apostle John, who wrote: "No greater cause for thankfulness do I have than these things, that I should be hearing that my children go on walking in the truth". - 3 John 4.

These years have not always been easy, but what a joy it has been for us to be able to serve our "happy God" in Cuba for nearly 70 years! - 1 Tim. 1:11; Ps. 97:1.

With our daughter and son-in-law at a circuit assembly

30 From Our Readers

Questions From Readers

What two covenants does the apostle Paul mention at Galatians 4:24?

▪ After describing the relationship between Abraham, Sarah, and Hagar, the apostle Paul wrote: "These things have a symbolic meaning in this way: These women are the two covenants". (Gal. 4:22-24) Previously, we thought that the two covenants were the Law covenant and the new covenant, but a review of this article indicates that an adjustment was needed.

(Gal. 4:25; Ex. 19:5, 6) The Law reminded the Israelites that they were slaves to sin, since no imperfect human could perfectly comply with the requirements of that Law; it also led to the Messiah, the only one who could perfectly comply with the requirements of the Law, whose sacrifice opened the way for sinful mankind to be freed from sin and death. (Gal. 3:19, 24, 25) Once Jesus had accomplished God's purpose, the Law was no longer necessary. - Rom. 10:4.

(Gal. 4:23) That promise is the Abrahamic covenant. (Gal. 3:29; 4:28, 30) Jehovah made that covenant with Abraham, as recorded at Genesis 22:18, saying to Abraham: "By means of your seed all nations of the earth will certainly bless themselves due to the fact that you have listened to my voice".

(Gal. 3:16, 29; Rev. 14:1-3) Because of Jehovah's promise to Abraham, blessings are extended to all who accept Jesus as their Messiah and obey him.

(John 8:32-34) Their rejection of Jesus would show that they had missed the point of the Law covenant, whose purpose was to guide them to Christ.

Although most Gentile Galatians to whom Paul wrote had been released from bondage to the Mosaic Law, some Jewish believers were still insisting that Gentile Christians had to obey the Law, including the requirement of circumcision, Paul explained that it was unreasonable to remain in bondage to the law of slavery that Christ had set free. - Gal. 5:1, 10-14.

This is an adjustment of what was discussed in The Watchtower of March 15, 2006, pages 10-12.

JUNE 31 of the year 2026

The Watchtower Announces the Kingdom of Jehovah

This article is part of a series on the Bible's view of the future.

What Does It Mean to Be a Christian?

Study Articles for August 10 to 16

How Can We Maintain Our Loyalty to Jehovah in the Face of Trials?

Study Articles for August 17 to 23

How to Maintain Good Relationships

Study articles for August 24-30

Benefits of the Field Service Group

Study article for August 31 to September 6

Pay Attention to How You Listen

26 The Bible's View of Marriage

Seventy Years in the Service of Jehovah in Cuba

Questions From Readers 31

This publication is not for sale. It is part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations.

Unless otherwise indicated, Scripture quotations are from the modern-language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) June 2026 is published by the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana.

A Message From the Bible

Nets and Fishnets in Ancient Times

(Mark 1:16-20) This type of fishing was common on the Sea of Galilee.

To catch small fish, the net was torn open, and to catch large fish, the net was enlarged. To catch small fish, the net was lowered into the water with a heavy object, such as a stone or a metal rod, so that it would sink, but to catch large fish, the net was lowered into the water with a heavy object, such as a metal rod or a metal rod. The net was partly submerged and partly suspended from the water.

(Matt. 4:21) Luke mentions that the fishermen washed their nets thoroughly, including the inside and outside of the nets, and that the nets were then repaired to keep them in good condition. (Luke 5:2) The nets were then repaired. - Isa. 47:10.

Jesus invites these men who know how to cast nets to become fishers of men.

Go to jw.org, or scan this icon

What is JW.ORG®?

w26.06-TW