July 2026

The Watchtower proclaims Jehovah's Kingdom

This article will be discussed in more detail in the following article.

This article is part of a larger series on the Bible.

LISTEN to the following song.

Make Me Know Your Ways

THE subject of the article

In this article, we will consider the example of the Gibeonites and how Jehovah dealt with them.

Follow the Example of the Gibeonites

The Gibeonites made peace with Israel and lived among them. - JOSHUA 10:1.

THE year is 1473 B.C.E. The nation of Israel is on the verge of taking possession of the Promised Land. Jehovah decisively helps the people of Israel to conquer Jericho and Ai. But something unexpected happens.

2 The first mention of foreigners in the Bible is in the account of the Gibeonites, but it is not the last. The Bible record reveals that the Gibeonites lived in close proximity to the Israelites for centuries.

GREAT JOB and Spiritual Activity

(Deut. 7:1) The Hivites, whose capital city was Gibeon, were one of those nations. (Josh. 10:2) While other Canaanite nations wanted to make war with Israel, the Gibeonites realized that making war would be futile.

1-2. Why is the account of the Gibeonites of interest to us?

3. (a) Who were the Gibeonites? (b) Why did the Gibeonites seek peace with Israel?

2

The Gibeonites deceived Joshua into making peace with them (See paragraph 4)

(Ex. 34:11; Josh. 9:24) So after Israel defeated Jericho and Ai, the Gibeonites sent representatives* to Joshua at Gilgal to make peace with him.

4 Read Joshua 9:8-13. The men of Gibeon deceived Joshua by saying that they had come from a distant land because they had heard that Jehovah had given them victory over the kings of Egypt and the Amorites, Sihon and Og, by means of a false god. (Josh. 9:14, 15) The older men of Israel soon realized that the Gibeonites had deceived them, but since the Gibeonites had already sworn an oath in the name of "Jehovah the God of Israel", they honored the covenant. (Josh. 9:16-19) They made the Gibeonites the foragers and drawers of water for the congregation and for Jehovah's altar. - Josh. 9:27.

5 When five Amorite kings learned that the Gibeonites had made peace with Israel, they formed an alliance with them.

The delegation likely came from Gibeon and three other Hivite cities - Chephirah, Beeroth, and Kiriath-jearim. - Josh. 9:17.

4. (a) According to Joshua 9:8-13, how did the Gibeonites deceive the elders of Israel into making a peace treaty with them? (See also picture.) (b) What happened when Joshua learned that they had been deceived?

5. How did the Gibeonites show faith in Jehovah?

July 3, 2026

(Josh. 10:9-14) In faith, the Gibeonites made a covenant with Israel, trusting that Jehovah would protect them and fulfill his promises to his people.

(Num. 33:51, 52) On the other hand, since the Israelites had made peace with the Gibeonites, Jehovah showed mercy by allowing them to survive without consulting the Israelites before making a covenant with them, and by helping the Israelites to honor their covenant with the Gibeonites. - Josh. 9:26; 11:19.

(Ps. 40:4, 5) Like the ancient Gibeonites, we also need to be willing to accept lowly assignments in God's service. (Josh. 9:23, 27) Luke, a young brother who serves at Bethel, recalls a time when an elderly brother offered to do a menial job for him. Although this older brother had many responsibilities at Bethel and was used in many ways, he volunteered to work at night on the construction of a Kingdom Hall in his area. Luke says: I learned from this brother that humility is not just a feeling; it is a quality that is shown by our actions. Like the Gibeonites, let us show our faith in Jehovah by relying on him daily to help us cope with our problems and by accepting humbly any assignment from Jehovah's organization.

Serve Jehovah When Faced With Injustice

8 The next mention of the Gibeonites occurs centuries later, during the reign of King Saul, when "Saul's jealousy of Israel and Judah" caused him to 'seek to devote the Gibeonites to destruction' in the land of Israel.* (2 Sam. 21:2, 5, 6) What an injustice!

9 Although Jehovah did not immediately punish the Gibeonites for their wickedness, after David became king of Israel, Jehovah intervened by causing a three-year drought and a severe famine in the land.

Some scholars speculate that Saul was jealous of non-Israelites and did not want them to live in Israel.

6. What do we learn from Jehovah's dealings with the Gibeonites?

7. How can we imitate the humility and faith of the Gibeonites? (See also picture.)

8. How did King Saul deal unfairly with the Gibeonites?

9. When did Jehovah expose the treachery of the Gibeonites?

4 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

Like the humble Gibeonites, be willing to accept responsibilities in the congregation (See paragraph 7)

10 Read 2 Samuel 21:3-6. When King David asked the Gibeonites what they wanted him to do to atone for Saul's injustice, the Gibeonites responded by saying that it was "nothing", since God's Law forbade the payment of ransom for a murderer who deserved to die. (Num. 35:30, 31) The Gibeonites also knew that the Law forbade the taking of life without the king's permission. In time, Jehovah showed that he was pleased with the way he dealt with the situation when he caused the land to produce abundant crops. - 2 Sam. 21:9, 10, 14.

This account highlights that Jehovah expects us to honor a treaty that we have made with the Israelites and with the Gibeonites. - Compare Amos 1:9.

12 We can imitate the example of the Gibeonites by being patient and waiting for Jehovah to act, even when we are faced with an injustice or an unfair treatment by a fellow Christian. By doing so, we show that we are confident that Jehovah will correct matters at the right time.

11 What does this account teach us about Jehovah? It shows that Jehovah is a God who always does what is right.

10. According to 2 Samuel 21:3-6, how did the Gibeonites show respect for God's Law?

11. What does this account teach us about Jehovah?

12. (a) How can we imitate the Gibeonites? (b) How can we imitate the Gibeonites?

July 2026

5

In 1940, to her great joy, Sister French was invited back to Bethel, where she served faithfully for over 50 years until she finished her earthly course. Like Sister French, when we experience injustice, we do well to do what is right and patiently wait for Jehovah's time to act. - Isa. 26:3, 4.

We can serve Jehovah unreservedly

13 Some 500 years after King David's reign, the Gibeonites are mentioned again in the Bible. Israel's 70-year exile in Babylon ended in 537 B.C.E. Two groups of Jews returned from exile in Babylon to Jerusalem. The first group accompanied Governor Zerubbabel. (Ezra 2:1, 2, 58) Some time later, in 468 B.C.E., the second group accompanied the scribe Ezra. (Ezra 7:1-7) Between the two groups were the Nethinim. (See footnotes at Ezra 2:58 and 7:7.) Who were the Nethinim? They were non-Israelite temple worshipers, many of whom may have been descendants of the Gibeonites.

14 It is noteworthy that among the first ancestors of the returning exiles were "temple servants", since not all of them returned from captivity willingly. It may be that some of the exiles had a lucrative career in Babylon, so they did not want to leave the comfort of Babylonian captivity to help rebuild the temple in Jerusalem. Unlike the non-Jewish Gibeonites, who did not have an allotment of land in Israel, the Jews willingly returned to serve at the temple and helped rebuild Jerusalem's walls. - Neh. 3:26.

15 What does this account teach us about Jehovah - that he deeply cares for his faithful worshippers from the time of Israel's deliverance from the Babylonian captivity to the end of their nearly 1,000-year exile in Babylon? (Acts 11:21) And because of their work at the temple, the Persian king decreed that they should not pay taxes. - Ezra 7:24.

16 In what way can we imitate the faith of the Gibeonites?

13. Who were the "Nethinim", and what role did they play after the Babylonian exile?

14. How did the Gibeonites continue to serve Jehovah faithfully? (1 Chronicles 9:2 and footnote)

15. What do we learn about Jehovah from the account of the Gibeonites?

16. How can we imitate the Gibeonites in our worship of Jehovah?

6 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

Because we love Jehovah and want to do his will, we are happy to make sacrifices in his service. Alwin, a brother in the Philippines, had a well-paying job at a large oil company, but he wanted to do more in Jehovah's service. Her husband joined her in the pioneer service, and together they have helped 21 people to come to a knowledge of the truth. Jehovah certainly appreciates this couple. We too can be confident that Jehovah appreciates any sacrifices we make in his service and will continue to provide for our needs. - Matt. 6:33.

17 The Bible account of Jehovah's dealings with the Gibeonites teaches us valuable lessons about Jehovah's qualities: He is generous, merciful, generous, and loyal, and he always rewards his faithful servants. We have learned to wait patiently on Jehovah, confident that he will correct any injustice in his own time, and we have learned to remain faithful and active in Jehovah's service.

17. What lesson have you learned from the Bible account of the Gibeonites?

How Can You Cope?

□ How can we show humility and faith like the Gibeonites?

□ How can we imitate the Gibeonites when dealing with injustice?

□ How can we continue to serve Jehovah faithfully like the Gibeonites?

SING 148 Jehovah Provides What Is Necessary

This article was originally published on www.watchtower.org/ ype

41 O God, Hear the Sound of My Prayer

When we are depressed or discouraged, meditating on the book of Isaiah can be comforting to us.

Comfort From the Book of Isaiah

"'This is what Jehovah has said: . . . "Like a mother comforting her child, so I myself will keep comforting you people".'" - ISAIAH 66:12, 13.

WHEN a distressed child cries out in tears, when a distraught mother embraces her child, asks tender questions, hugs him, and reassures him that she loves him, what does a loving mother do?

2 In his Word, Jehovah describes himself as the caring parent who comforts his children, saying: "As a mother comforts her child, so I will continue comforting you". (Isa. 66:13) Jehovah's love for humans is even greater than that of any human parent.

3 The book of Isaiah contains many words of comfort. (Isa. 40:1) Because we live in critical times, we too need to be comforted by the words of our loving Father, Isaiah. (2 Tim. 3:1) Let us consider some passages from the book of Isaiah that can comfort and strengthen us in the following situations: (1) when life changes suddenly, and (2) when we are overwhelmed by guilt over past sins.

How can Jehovah help us when we are depressed or discouraged?

3. What will we consider in this article?

8

or (3) when we are grieving over the death of a loved one.

Facing Changes Today

4 Life is full of unexpected events. (Eccl. 9:11; 1 Cor. 7:31) Sudden health problems, economic hardships, a change of scenery, or a change of assignment for some in the full-time service may make us anxious or confused. 'What will I do now?' we may wonder. Joseph, who served at Bethel for some 17 years and then was assigned as a regular pioneer, says: 'I don't understand the language. What assurance did Jehovah give through Isaiah that can strengthen us when we face sudden changes in our life?

5 Read Isaiah 42:16. Jehovah promises to open the way of the blind, to lead them out of darkness into light, and to guide them in a way they do not know. The terms "blind" and "in darkness" and "in the shadow of a wall" describe how we may feel when life suddenly throws us into turmoil.

4. How may we react when circumstances in our life change unexpectedly?

5. What assurance is found at Isaiah 42:16? (See also picture.)

Even if your life changes abruptly, Jehovah will not abandon you (See paragraph 5)

I won't leave you on the road you don't know

(Ps. 119:105; Isa. 30:21) Jehovah also supports us by means of our brothers and sisters and by means of others. Even though we do not know what the future holds for us, we can be confident that Jehovah will help us because of his love for us and his understanding of our feelings. - Isa. 41:10; 1 Pet. 5:6, 7.

6 Joseph, mentioned at the outset, reflects on Jehovah's loving care for him and his wife after they left Bethel, saying: We saw Jehovah's help as our assignments changed. By means of our dear brothers and sisters, he helped us not only materially but also emotionally, and he continues to do so. If you face unexpected changes in your life, rely on Jehovah to sustain and guide you in the future. I will trust in my great God.* Yes, even if things do not turn out as we had hoped, we know that Jehovah will help us.

When We Examine Ourselves, We Are Impressed by Who We Are

7 Confessing to the elders can help a person to recover from a serious sin

* The lyrics are taken from a song entitled "I Know That Jehovah Is With Me".

6. What confidence can we have when we face unexpected changes in our life?

7. (a) How might some feel about past sins? (b) Why should we be concerned about our sins?

(Prov. 28:13; Jas. 5:14-16; 1 John 1:9) Yet, even after our sins have been forgiven, we may still feel guilty and wonder, 'Has Jehovah really forgiven me?' (2 Cor. 2:7) Yes, it may be difficult to let go of the past, and the pain may linger.

8 Read Isaiah 1:18. Using a colorful word picture, Jehovah describes the extent of his forgiveness, saying that even "a scarlet thread" will "become white just like snow".

9 For example, King David committed adultery and murder, but Jehovah forgave him and later declared that he walked with a pure heart before Him. (2 Sam. 11:3, 4, 14, 15; 12:13; 1 Ki. 9:4, 5) David's record is not one of wrongdoing but of integrity.

10 Read Isaiah 38:17, with footnote.

According to Isaiah 1:18, to what extent does Jehovah forgive?

10. What comfort do we find at Isaiah 38:17?

10 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

You have thrown all my sins behind your back

Jehovah does not hold us responsible for past sins (See paragraph 11)

The expression "you have thrown all my sins behind your back" can also be rendered "you have removed my sins from in front of your face". This verse depicts Jehovah as throwing the sins of a repentant sinner far behind Him, where He no longer sees or remembers them. (Isa. 43:25) How reassuring that is! If the Judge of the universe does not remember our sins, should we not do the same?

Do not let your sins cause you to stumble and fall into sin.

11 If our heart continues to condemn us for past sins, we need to remember that Jehovah forgives completely. Unlike imperfect humans who hold grudges, he does not reject us because of our past sins. (Isa. 57:16) What matters to him is not what we did in the past but what we are doing now and what we are striving to be in the future. (Isa. 55:7) Clearly, Jehovah is so loving and forgiving that we should never allow our past sins to cloud our present or future happiness.

11. (a) Regardless of our past sins, what does Jehovah find important? (b) How can we be sure that Jehovah will not forget our sins?

11 JULY of the year 2026

Your dead ones will live.

You can be sure that your loved ones will be resurrected (See paragraph 14)

will not stop us from serving Jehovah if we miss out on future blessings.

When You Lose a Loved One

12 When we lose a loved one in death, our grief can be overwhelming and prolonged. We may wonder, 'Why did Jehovah allow our loved one to die?' Michael, whose parents died in a house fire, said: 'I felt hurt and angry with Jehovah for allowing my parents to die, even though I knew that he did not cause their deaths, but he did not prevent it.

12. How do we sometimes feel when a loved one dies?

13 Read Isaiah 25:8. Jehovah promises that death will be swallowed up forever. Imagine the time when death will be no more and you will no longer grieve over the loss of a loved one. (Isa. 35:10) Rather than grieving over the loss of a loved one, you can look forward to enjoying a long life with him in perfect health. This is not a dream; it is a promise that will come true because only God can make it come true. - Rev. 21:4, 5.

14 Read Isaiah 26:19. Not only will Jehovah do away with death but he will also resurrect our dead loved ones.

13. According to Isaiah 25:8, what wonderful assurance does Jehovah give us?

14. How do you feel about the resurrection hope? (Isaiah 26:19) (See also picture.)

12 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

Just as dew brings life to a plant, Jehovah, the Source of life, will bring our dead loved ones back to life, and what a joy it will be to welcome them back to life! - Compare Mark 5:42.

15 Although the resurrection promise does not eliminate all sorrow, we are comforted by the assurance that our loved ones are in Jehovah's memory. Michael, quoted earlier, says: "The words at Isaiah 26:19 help me to understand that Jehovah deeply loves my parents and that they are in Jehovah's memory and will remain in that memory until the resurrection. This gives us peace of mind.

16 We have considered just a few of the scriptures found in Isaiah's prophecy that can be especially comforting to us when our circumstances suddenly change, when we are overwhelmed by guilt over a sin we have committed, or when we are grieving over the death of a loved one.

15. How can the resurrection hope help us when a loved one dies?

16. When facing trials, what scriptures have especially comforted you?

COVER SUBJECT: A young couple from Bethel attend a meeting in their new congregation and are warmly welcomed by brothers and sisters.

HOW THIS BOOK can help you . . .

▪ Isaiah 42:16?

□ Isaiah 1:18; 38:17?

□ Isaiah 25:8; 26:19?

3 Our Strength, Our Hope, and Our Comfort!

What is the meaning of the name Jehovah?

SING 12 The Great God, Jehovah

COVER SUBJECT In this article, consider what it means to know Jehovah, why it is important to do so, and how we can do so.

Getting to Know Jehovah Better

"Know the God of your father and serve him with a complete heart and with a complete soul". - 1 CHRON. 28:9.

Perhaps you feel as did the apostle Paul, who wrote: "O the depth of God's riches and wisdom and knowledge! How unsearchable his judgments are and past tracing out his ways are!" - Rom. 11:33, 34.

King David told his son Solomon: "Know the God of your father and serve him with a complete heart . . . if you search for him, he will let himself be found by you". (1 Chron. 28:9) Later, in the first century, the apostle John reminded his fellow Christians that they could "know the truth". (1 John 5:20) Jesus himself said that he would help others to come to know the Father intimately. - Matt. 11:27.

3 All of us dedicated servants of Jehovah have learned much about him, and we will always have more to learn about him.

1. How do you feel about Jehovah's creative works and the depth of his wisdom?

2. Why can we be sure that we can come to know Jehovah intimately?

3. What will we consider in this article?

14

Regardless of how long we have been serving Jehovah, all of us need to consider the following three questions: What does it mean to know Jehovah? Why is it important to know Jehovah? And how can we get to know Jehovah better?

What Does It Mean to Know Jehovah?

4 Jehovah promised the Jews returning from exile: "I will give them . . . a heart to know me, that I am Jehovah. " This promise highlights what it meant to know Jehovah. (Jer. 24:7) No doubt those Jews already knew much about Jehovah, but to know him as he really was, they needed to know him intimately - that is, to know him mentally and emotionally. For example, it is not enough to know that God exists and that his name is Jehovah. We need to know who he really is.

5 As we come to know Jehovah, we come to know what he likes and dislikes. Consider the example of King Josiah, about whom the Bible says: "In the eighth year of his reign, while he was still a boy, he began to search for the God of David his forefather". (2 Chron. 34:3) Not only did Josiah learn about Jehovah but he also acted in harmony with that knowledge.

6 Read Psalm 9:10. The more we come to know Jehovah, the more our trust in him grows, as did that of the apostle Paul, who on the eve of his execution said: "I am not ashamed, because I know the One in whom I have put my faith". (2 Tim. 1:12) Paul's knowledge and experience helped him to put his trust in God.

WHY should we serve Jehovah God?

7 When we read the Bible privately and at Christian meetings, we often reflect on how we can benefit from what we read and how we can apply it to others, as the Scriptures urge us to do. (2 Tim. 3:16, 17) But there is something even more important that we need to do. So when we read the Bible, we do well to ask ourselves:

4. What does it mean to know Jehovah?

5. What does the account of King Josiah teach us about knowing Jehovah?

6. According to Psalm 9:10, how can we benefit from coming to know Jehovah?

7. What may happen if we have served Jehovah for some time?

15 JULY 2026

What does this tell me about Jehovah God?*

8 As we come to know Jehovah better, our relationship with him grows stronger. For example, how do we feel about him when we read the Bible, listen to Christian programs, or attend assemblies and conventions? Reflecting on Jehovah's loving care, he said: "God is the Rock of my heart and my share to time indefinite". (Read Psalm 73:24-28.)

9 The Bible admonishes us to "take notice of Jehovah in all your ways". (Prov. 3:5, 6) This means that we meditate on what we learn about him and how he feels about what we do. For example, some brothers regularly post pictures of their marriage mates on the Internet, reminding themselves of their spouse and how much they love him.

* See Question 20 of the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures.

8. What benefits come to us as we come to know Jehovah better? (Psalm 73:24-28)

9. If we take notice of Jehovah in all our ways, how will he bless us? Illustrate.

Then we will be able to make decisions that will please him. - Ps. 19:13, 14.

10 Jehovah created us in his image, so we have the ability to reflect his qualities. (Gen. 1:26) Jesus condemned the scribes and Pharisees for not reflecting God's qualities when he said: "But you have disregarded the weightier matters of the Law, namely, justice and mercy and faithfulness". Rather, we should strive to meditate on the laws and principles found in God's Word, to see what they reveal about Jehovah, and to imitate his qualities. - 1 John 4:8, 11.

How Can We Know the Truth About Jehovah?

11 When you first learned about Jehovah, you may have been taught by faithful parents who taught you Bible accounts that helped you to see God's personality and reveal his qualities in his handiwork, or you may have studied the Bible with one of Jehovah's Witnesses who helped you to meditate on Bible accounts in the brochure Enjoy Life Forever and showed you how to discern Jehovah's qualities in creation.* (Neh. 8:8; Acts 14:17) Let us now consider how you can do this.

* See the book Enjoy Life Forever!, study 7, articles 5-7.

10. How can we benefit from studying Jehovah's qualities?

11. Who first taught you about Jehovah?

16 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

Draw close to Jehovah by meditating on creation (See paragraph 15)

will help you to continue to learn about Jehovah.

12 The first step in getting to know Jehovah is to study his Word, the Bible, which at times makes specific references to God's qualities. (Ex. 34:6, 7) However, the Bible often refers to the actions and decisions of people.

13 To illustrate: As you read Jeremiah 38:6-13, you see Ebed-melech, the Ethiopian official who came to the prophet Jeremiah's rescue. No doubt you immediately notice ways in which you can imitate Ebed-melech's love, self-sacrifice, and courage. What qualities of Jehovah do you see in that account? (Read Jeremiah 39:15-18.) Each time you read a portion of the Bible, try to discern God's qualities that are reflected in that portion and then praise and thank him for them.

14 A second way to learn about Jehovah is to meditate on his works. (Ps. 145:9, 10) This involves more than merely observing his works of creation. In fact, some people spend most of their time studying the natural world, but they fail to discern the existence of a Creator God!

12-13. (a) What can we learn about Jehovah from the Bible? (b) Give an example. (Jeremiah 39:15-18) (See also opening image.)

14. Why should we meditate on creation?

17 JULY 2026

(Rom. 1:20) This verse, according to one translation of the Bible, means that a person who meditates is able to discern God's qualities.

15 Consider the example of Patrick, who lives in Brazzaville, the capital of the Democratic Republic of Congo. "I stand on my front porch and admire God's creation", he says, "and I often see the tiny creatures that work tirelessly to find food and shelter. She says: "When I saw that Jehovah is a loving God who cares for even the smallest of his creatures, I became more confident that he cares for me and will always give me what I need".

16 A third way you can come to know Jehovah better is by meditating on what he has done for you. Jesus' mother, Mary, knew Jehovah God well and had his approval.

15. (a) How did Patrick come to know Jehovah better? (b) How can you imitate his example?

16. (a) What factors helped Jesus' mother, Mary, to develop a close relationship with Jehovah? (b) How can we imitate Mary's example?

Meditate on what Jehovah has done for you so that you can know him as a real person (See paragraph 16)

18 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

(Luke 1:46-55) Mary appreciated God's care; we too appreciate receiving Jehovah's help when we need it. - Heb. 4:16.

We Will Never Lose Faith in Jehovah

17 Think of all the things we will learn about Jehovah in the new world when new scrolls are opened that reveal his requirements for us. (Rev. 20:12) Our appreciation for Jehovah's creations will be enhanced as we come to know him better. (Isa. 11:6-9) And when we see things that were not seen, such as the resurrection of our loved ones and our advancing to perfection, our Father's love for us will grow in a special way.

(Ps. 90:2; 147:5) It is impossible for us "to find out all the work of the true God from start to finish". (Eccl. 3:11) Therefore, no matter how long we have been serving Jehovah, let us take advantage of every opportunity to learn more about our loving Father.

17-18. Why can it be said that we will never stop learning about Jehovah?

PAGE 18: An anxious brother reflects on how Jehovah helped him to handle his assignment at the midweek meeting.

How Can You Protect Them?

□ What does it mean to know Jehovah?

□ Why should we get to know Jehovah better?

□ How can we come to know Jehovah better?

28 Draw Close to Jehovah

This article is part of a larger series on the Bible.

LISTEN to the following song.

Teaching Them to Be Steadfast

THE subject of the article

In this article, we will learn how we can help our Bible students to get to know Jehovah, his qualities, and what he likes and dislikes.

Help Others to Know Jehovah

"This means everlasting life, their taking in knowledge of you, the only true God". - JOHN 17:3.

HOW do you feel when a Bible student begins to attend Christian meetings, to comment, to share with others what he is learning, and eventually to make a personal dedication to Jehovah?

2 It is God's will that "all sorts of men should be saved and come to an accurate knowledge of truth". (Read 1 Timothy 2:3, 4.) Jehovah wants people to know him, what he has done, and what he will yet do. This opens the way to everlasting life. - John 17:3.

3 Jehovah has given us the privilege of helping people to come to know him.In this article, we will consider the following questions: Why is it important for Bible students to come to know Jehovah? How can we help them to come to know Jehovah?

1. How do you feel when a Bible student takes a stand for true worship?

2. What is Jehovah's will for Bible students? (1 Timothy 2:3, 4)

3. What will we consider in this article?

20

applied what they learned about Jehovah?

What can you do to help your children learn to love Jehovah God?

4 Jesus said that the greatest commandment is to love Jehovah with our whole heart, soul, mind, and strength. (Read Mark 12:30.) We want our students to make the decision to get baptized, not because we want to please them, or because we want to make friends with other Witnesses, or because we are interested in certain Bible teachings, but because they truly love Jehovah.

5 Jesus linked love with obedience when he said: "In order for the world to know that I love the Father, just as the Father has commanded me, so I am doing". (John 14:31) Similarly, a Bible student whose heart is filled with love for Jehovah will want to obey him and stick to him. - 1 John 5:3.

6 To illustrate: A person who wants to be a pilot needs not only to learn the instructions for flying an airplane and pass a flight test but also to spend some time with an experienced pilot and to learn how to fly in various weather conditions. As a result, he will be able to see the wisdom of applying Bible principles, to get to know Jehovah better, and to see how he is helping him to make wise decisions in any situation.

(Gen. 2:24; 20:3, 6) Joseph's knowledge of God's view of marriage and sexuality must have deepened to the point that when Potiphar's wife pressured him to have sexual relations, Joseph firmly rejected her, saying: "How could I commit this great badness and actually sin against God?" - Gen. 39:7-9. When our Bible students come to know Jehovah as a person, they will likely be moved to do what pleases him.

TEACH YOUR CHILDREN THE BIBLE They Know Who Jehovah Really Is

8 How can you help a Bible student to come to know Jehovah as a person?

4. What should be our goal as Bible students? (Mark 12:30)

5. When a Bible student develops a deep love for Jehovah, what will he do?

6. How can a Bible student benefit from coming to know Jehovah personally? Illustrate.

7. How did knowledge of Jehovah help Joseph to make the right decision?

8. How can you use the Enjoy Life Forever! brochure to help your student come to know Jehovah as he really is?

21 JULY of the year 2026

Questions That Cause Students to Think

The book Enjoy Life Forever! contains a number of questions designed to help students come to know Jehovah better, including the following:

How does Jehovah feel about those who neglect the good news? (Study 21)

What do you learn about Jehovah and Jesus that convinces you that human governments and their supporters deserve to be destroyed [at Armageddon]?

How does Jehovah feel when you act wisely and obey him, and why do you say so? (Lesson 34)

If you marry someone who does not love Jehovah, how do you think Jehovah will feel? (Lesson 42)

What does this passage teach us about Jehovah's forgiveness?

□ How does Jehovah's dealings with sinners reflect his love, reasonableness, and mercy?

(Job 38:1-41:34) We too can use questions in our teaching. The questions in the book Enjoy Life Forever! are designed to help a student learn more about Jehovah's qualities. (See the box "Questions That Increase Interest".)

9 When we start a Bible study, we often encourage our student to make it a part of his daily Bible reading routine.* After each Bible reading, we can encourage the student to focus on why Jehovah included what he said in his Word and on Jehovah's qualities as reflected in what he has read. That is what the disciple James did when he studied Job's endurance, and he also learned from Job's experience that Jehovah is very tender in affection and merciful. - Read James 5:11.

10 We want our students to see how each Bible account reveals what pleases Jehovah and what displeases him. For example, suppose a student sees the box in the book Enjoy Life Forever! and wants to read about Daniel.

* In the book Enjoy Life Forever!, lesson 5 encourages students to: Use the schedule Appreciate Reading the Bible to help you develop a regular Bible reading routine.

9-10. (a) What will help a student to derive greater benefit from Bible reading? (James 5:11) (b) Give an example of how a Bible account can help a student to discern what pleases Jehovah and what displeases him.

22 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

If a portion of the Bible is difficult for your student to understand, help him to focus on what he knows about Jehovah (See paragraphs 12-13)

(Dan. 6:10, 22) We might also ask ourselves, 'What was the outcome for Daniel's three spies, and why was Jehovah displeased with them?' (Dan. 6:4, 5, 24) Finally, we might meditate on the other qualities of Jehovah that are highlighted in the account. - Dan. 6:26, 27.

11 While we rejoice when a Bible student sees the benefits of studying the Bible with us, we should also help him to see that what he is learning comes from our Grand Instructor, Jehovah. (Isa. 30:20, 21) A Bible student may thank us for what we teach him or praise us for the way we teach.

Learn from your mistakes and apply what you have learned

12 To benefit fully from accurate knowledge, we must apply what we learn. So how can you help your student to apply what he learns? First, show him that if he finds a portion of the Bible difficult to understand, he should look to what he has learned about Jehovah, such as a Bible account in which Jehovah executed a judgment and spared others.

13 Encourage the student to meditate on what he has learned about Jehovah.

11. How can we help a Bible student to see that Jehovah is the Source of what he is learning?

12-13. (See also picture.) How can a student's knowledge of Jehovah help him if he finds a Bible account difficult to understand?

23 of JULY of 2026

For example, how does Jehovah feel about humans? (2 Pet. 3:9) What great sacrifice has Jehovah made in our behalf despite our sinful condition? (Eph. 2:4, 5) Is God's judgment merely arbitrary? (Ex. 34:6, 7) Of course, the Bible does not always give us all the details that we need to know about Jehovah's decisions, and we do not necessarily need to know all the details.

14 Another way you can help a Bible student to apply what he learns about Jehovah is by encouraging him to think about how Jehovah has shown his love for all his servants. (John 3:16) How much does Jehovah care about our unity? (Ps. 133:1) How does Jehovah feel about the efforts we make to keep peace with one another? (2 Cor. 14:31) How does he feel about our unity? (Heb. 13:11) Help your student to see that Jehovah is pleased when we focus on the good in our brothers rather than on their failings.

15 Finally, help your student to apply what he learns about Jehovah when faced with making important decisions. "How to Make Good Decisions" in lesson 35 of the book Enjoy Life Forever! can be used to help the student. He said: "I always do the things pleasing to [my Father]". (Read John 8:29.) Help the student to ask himself, 'Based on my own research and what I have learned about Jehovah, what decision will please him?'

14. How can you help a Bible student if he finds it difficult to show love to a brother or a sister?

Help your Bible students to make decisions that please Jehovah (See paragraphs 15-16)

15-16. (a) When faced with making important decisions, how can a Bible student imitate Jesus? (John 8:29) (b) How did Marianne help her Bible student to make the right decision? (See also picture.)

24 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

16 A Bible student in Chile had to make a decision when her family urged her to accept a lucrative job that would restrict her attendance at meetings. "I encouraged her to think about how her choice would affect Jehovah", explains Marianne, her Bible teacher. She declined the offer and soon found another job that allowed her to attend all the meetings. Note that Marianne did not make decisions for the student but helped her to think about what she had learned about Jehovah. This drew the student closer to Marianne and, more important, to her love for Jehovah.

Jehovah Will Bless Your Efforts to Get to Know Him

17 When we conduct Bible studies with people, we help them to understand such basic Bible truths as the condition of the dead, why Jesus died, what the Kingdom will accomplish, the workings of Jehovah's organization, the way our meetings are organized, the arrangement of Christian elders, and the work of the Governing Body.

(Ps. 25:12-15) In the future, those who come to know Jehovah as "the only true God" will enjoy everlasting life. (1 John 5:20) But that is not all. The Bible tells us that "Jehovah God knows those who seek to know and love him". (1 Cor. 8:3) Yes, we are known by Almighty God as his friends. What a privilege it is to know the only true God!

17. In addition to teaching Bible truths, what do we want our Bible students to know?

18. What blessings do those who come to know Jehovah receive now, and what blessings will they receive in the future?

PICTURE BACK ON PAGE 24: Marianne's Bible student decides not to accept a job that she was offered.

How Can You Cope?

□ Why is it important for a Bible student to come to know Jehovah personally?

□ How can we help a Bible student to come to know Jehovah as he really is?

□ How can you help a Bible student to apply what he learns about Jehovah?

SING 84 We Have Much to Do

How I Learned to Be a Good Witness

Allowing Jehovah to Shape Me

WHAT KEN KIUCHI SAID When he was a teenager

I WILL never forget my first day in the printery at Brooklyn Bethel, New York, U.S.A. As I stepped into the factory floor, I was awestruck by the noise of the presses, the relentless work of the presses, the dust of the paper, and the smell of gasoline.

Another thing that impressed me that day was the example of the young men and young women there, who were willing to serve the Lord with joy even though they had to wear the same garment.

Over the years, Jehovah has gradually molded me to serve him in a better way, but let me tell you about my search for truth as a Buddhist.

I Saw God in My Life

I was born and raised in Chicago, Illinois, U.S.A., the eldest of four children of Japanese immigrants who, like many people at the time, sought a better life in Chicago, hoping to give their children the best education and a better future.

My parents were devout Buddhists. My mother grew up in a Buddhist temple. My grandfather and two of my aunts were Buddhist monks, so I was deeply influenced by Buddhism from an early age.

When I was about seven years old, I remember looking at the idol in my closet and wondering: 'What will my life be like after I die? Buddhism teaches that we will live on in a spiritual realm after death.

By the time I was about 15 years old, I no longer understood the meaning of the Buddhist rituals I had been practicing.

26 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

I wanted to know if there was a living, almighty God, and I thought that perhaps the Bible could help me. So I looked up an old King James Version (Bible du roi Jacques) that I had found at a Buddhist festival.

When I was 17 years old, I was walking my dog one day when a brother named Wilson Bashou approached me and asked: Do you know what God promises for the future? That question led to a lively discussion of the Bible. Wilson read Revelation 17:1 and asked: What do the many waters on which the serpent sits represent? I had no idea. He showed me verse 15, which says that the waters represent people. That little blue book changed my life.

Ten days later, I attended my first meeting at the Kingdom Hall, where I was warmly welcomed, and I have been attending ever since. Brother Wilson began to study the Bible with me, sometimes for up to eight hours!

I went to university and became a teacher.

After my parents had made great sacrifices for me, I could have pursued a higher education, but I wanted to give my best to Jehovah by serving him full-time.

I loved my parents very much and did not want to hurt their feelings. So many nights, I would go to the front of the school and pray fervently to Jehovah: "Jehovah, please help me to make the right decision". Eventually, I decided to leave the university. I feel that I made the right choice.

I felt like a bird released from its cage, free to devote more time to the ministry, and in 1984 I became a regular pioneer.

After spending a few hours in the ministry, I decided to preach to a group of people in an orphanage. I was alone, tired, and in the freezing weather. I wondered, Should I go up or down? As I was climbing the stairs to the third floor, I saw a young Filipino man. I said to myself: 'I'm not going to marry this man.

With Wilson Bashou, who taught me Bible truth

July 27th, 2026

Taking a tour of the Printing Office in Brooklyn

With Michiko Oda and her husband

However, she accepted my offer to study the Bible with her, and she too became a servant of Jehovah.

How Jehovah Has Changed My Life at BROOKLYN BETHEL

After two years at Wilson's, I was invited to serve at Brooklyn Bethel in 1985. As mentioned earlier, I was assigned to work in the printery. One day, I made a mistake while typing on a typewriter that resulted in the destruction of hundreds of sheets of paper.

One day at lunch, Milton Henschel, who was then a member of the Governing Body, and I were seated in the overcrowded dining room as the brothers in the kitchen worked hard to serve the food, and I and other young men around the table complained to one another that it was not being served right. I will always remember Brother Henschel's humble example as he quietly stood up from the table and helped the brothers pass the cups of water and the dishes for the cakes and the bags. It reminded me of how Jesus ministered to his apostles. - John 13:3-5.

LOVE THE WORLD and LOVE the people around you!

In 1987, I visited Japan and was impressed by the humility and zeal of the brothers and sisters there. I wanted to help them, but I did not speak Japanese. A sister at Bethel named Michiko Oda looked at me and said, Make an effort to learn Japanese! And that is exactly what I did. Little did I realize that her words would have a profound effect on my life.

28 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

In 1989, I attended my first Japanese-language convention in Los Angeles, California, where I met and fell in love with Miwako Onami, a pioneer sister who was part of the drama team.

My wife, Miwako, and I were married in 1992, and we were privileged to serve together at Brooklyn Bethel. Her thoughtfulness, concern, and willingness to help others have greatly influenced me in my treatment of others.

OUR SERVICES AROUND JAPAN, but also AROUND the WORLD

Later, when my mother-in-law and father-in-law became seriously ill, we were kindly assigned to the Japan branch to care for them. In 1999, we returned to Japan.

The Japanese Bethel family welcomed us warmly, and gradually we were able to adjust to life there. The hospitality and generosity of the Japanese brothers and sisters was outstanding, and their example helped me to improve. Their fine example encouraged me to work humbly in harmony with others and to cherish my small role in supporting Jehovah's overall purpose.

However, because of my culture, it is sometimes difficult for me to understand why things are handled in a certain way. I had to learn to be patient and to be reasonable. Gradually, I adjusted my thinking.

Our wedding day

We can succeed only if we follow the direction he gives us through his organization.

I often compare Jehovah's molding of me at Bethel to that of the prophet Moses, who learned humility during 40 years as a shepherd. Like Moses, I had a little education that made me proud and self-confident, but serving at Bethel taught me to be humble and to rely on Jehovah.

After caring for Miwako's parents for some twenty-four years, we had to endure many visits to doctors and nurses, and we had to endure many anxieties, including that of Miwako's mother, who was unable to walk, to attend Christian meetings, and to share in the ministry, and who was confined to a wheelchair for the last few weeks of her life.

29 JULY of the year 2026

I was impressed by Masako's zeal for the truth and her ability to maintain a positive outlook in any situation, and I wanted to follow her example.

After more than 30 years of Bethel service, we are now serving as special pioneers on the island of Okinawa, where we have the privilege of witnessing to our relatives in a nearby military camp. The fine training we received at Bethel made it easier for us to adapt to our new assignment. Mi-wako and I thank Jehovah every day for this wonderful privilege of service.

I WANTED to have Jehovah walk with me

Jesus promised that those who leave their homes to follow him now will be rewarded a hundredfold - with a big brother or sister. (Mark 10:29, 30) This has proved to be true for me, for I have many brothers and sisters in the world who truly love me and care for me.

To this day, whenever I see that blue book, I am reminded of Jehovah's loving concern for me. (1 Chron. 28:9) I am determined to continue to be molded by him and to help others to learn the truth that leads to everlasting life.

Serving at the Japan branch office

Preaching with Miwako in Okinawa

30 From Our Readers

Make Peace Quickly With Your Brother!

IF YOU have been hurt so badly that your relationship with your brother or sister is at risk, the best way to restore your friendship is to (1) act quickly and (2) act with good reason.*

For example, if a man's leg is broken, he may need to have the fetus amputated to keep it from falling apart. If the fetus is left untreated soon, the pain will be worse, and the fetus will not be able to function properly.

Just as a wound needs to be healed quickly, so a disagreement with a fellow Christian needs to be settled quickly so that it does not become a source of hurt, resentment, and even a breach of friendship. Jesus said: "Make your peace with your brother quickly". (Matt. 5:25) So go to your brother and discuss the matter openly and honestly.

For example, the Christian women Euodia and Syntyche may have had a disagreement that went unresolved for a long time. The apostle Paul heard about it from Rome and urged them to make peace. (Phil. 4:2) By being humble, discussing the matter openly, and forgiving one another freely, they could maintain their friendship.

Second: While you may feel that the other person is at fault and should apologize, the important thing is to protect your friendship, not who is at fault. Just as a doctor who performs an abortion focuses on the outcome of the procedure rather than the cause of the problem, you need to deal with the problem, not by focusing on who is at fault, but by focusing on how you and the other person can help.

(Eph. 4:26) If you are quick to take the necessary steps to make peace with your brother, you will be better able to preserve "the uniting bond of peace". - Eph. 4:1-3.

(Matt. 5:23, 24) In more serious matters, we may need to seek the spiritual help of the elders. (Matt. 18:17) Before seeking such help, however, a Christian should first apply the counsel found at Matthew 18:15, 16.* If a brother's offense does not seem to be a threat to your friendship, you may be able to overlook it. - Prov. 26:20.

31 JULY of the year 2026

The Watchtower Announces the Kingdom of Jehovah

This article is part of our coverage of the July 2026 issue of Jehovah's Witnesses, Vol. 147, No. 7.

In this article

Study articles for September 7 to 13

Follow the Example of the Gibeonites

Study articles for September 14 to 20

Comfort From the Book of Isaiah

Study articles for September 21 to 27

Getting to Know Jehovah Better

Study articles for September 28 and October 4

Help Others to Know Jehovah

The Bible - What Does It Really Teach?

Allowing Jehovah to Shape Me

Make Peace Quickly With Your Brother

See also

How to Give Upbuilding Answers

At our meetings, we have the opportunity to encourage one another. (Heb. 10:24, 25) What can you do to make your comments upbuilding?

• Pray to Jehovah to help you to use your comments to honor him and to encourage others. - Ps. 35:18.

• Try to give comments in your own words rather than just reading from the publication. By giving comments in your own words, you build others up in your faith.

Your brief comments will not only encourage but also encourage others to comment. - Prov. 10:19.

• Be positive in your comments; do not use your comments to criticize or criticize others in the congregation or a brother or a sister.

Even if you do not have the opportunity to comment, you can still encourage others by listening carefully to their comments and commending them. - Prov. 10:21.

This publication is not for sale. It is part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations.

Unless otherwise indicated, Scripture quotations are from the modern-language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) July 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania. It is free and open to the public.

Go to jw.org, or scan this code on your mobile device

What is the purpose of JW.ORG®?

w26.07-E