What is the name of the song?

THE WORLD WORLD is proclaiming the Kingdom of Jehovah

This article has been updated to include new information.

What is the Bible's view of marriage?

Sing to Jehovah 3

Our Strength and Our Hope

THE subject of the article

This article shows why we can be confident that Jehovah will protect us now and in the future.

Trust in Jehovah to Protect You

You have said: "Jehovah is my refuge". - PS. 91:9.

WE ARE in the final part of the last days, and a series of world events is about to unfold. Jehovah will put it into the hearts of the nations to carry out "his purpose" - to give their kingdoms to the wild beast, represented by the United Nations.* (Rev. 17:17) After that, the wild beast, which has become powerful, and all the nations that are associated with it, will attack all false religion and destroy it. (Rev. 17:16) That will be the start of the great tribulation.

(Ezek. 38:14-16) Why? The book Pure Worship of Jehovah - Restored at Last! explains: "Satan will use the influence of the nations to try to stop true worship and pure worship from spreading to the entire earth. . . . After that, the climactic event - the war of Armageddon - will take place.

3 When Jesus and his heavenly armies destroy Satan's wicked system at Armageddon, should we be afraid?

* See "Questions From Readers" in the November 1, 2025, issue of The Watchtower.

What momentous events are soon to take place?

3. What will we consider in this article?

2

That promise is found at Psalm 91:7, where we read: "A thousand may fall at your side and ten thousand at your right hand; but it will not come near to you".

The second psalm praises Jehovah's organization

(Read Psalm 91:1, 2.) Since Jehovah is the Almighty God, we can be confident that he will protect us if we seek refuge under his shadow. Is there any place of greater security? (Ruth 2:12; Ps. 17:8) The expressions "shelter" and "stronghold" remind us of the fortified walls of ancient cities, which protected the inhabitants of a city and enabled those outside the city walls to enter into it for safety. At Psalm 91:3-13, the psalmist uses heartwarming words to assure us that Jehovah can protect us from any situation.

5 Starting at Psalm 91:14, we read Jehovah's promise of protection to his servants. (Read Psalm 91:14-16.) These verses repeatedly assure us that Jehovah will protect his people because they trust in him, honor his name, and turn to him in prayer.

6 The inspired words of the 91st Psalm express our confidence and trust in Jehovah. (Rom. 15:4) Expressing confidence in Jehovah's protection, the psalmist wrote: "You are my refuge and my stronghold.

What is the main issue raised by Jehovah in Psalm 91?

7 In the past, our publications have explained that Psalm 91 speaks of spiritual protection and that Jehovah will always provide what we need to safeguard our relationship with him.

8 Jesus' response to Satan's tempting of him gave us insight into the protection promised in the 91st Psalm (Read Matthew 4:5-7.)

4. How does Psalm 91:1, 2 build confidence in Jehovah's protection?

5-6. (a) According to Psalm 91:14-16, what assurance does Jehovah provide? (b) Of what can we be confident?

7. What kind of protection is promised in Psalm 91?

8-9. How did Jesus respond to Satan's temptations, and what does this teach us? (Matthew 4:5-7)

3 SEPTEMBER 2026 What is the future?

When Satan implied that Jesus would be physically protected by God, Jesus referred to Psalm 91:11, 12 and said that angels would strike him if he jumped from the temple. How did Jesus respond?

9 Jesus was well-aware that in some cases Jehovah used angels to protect His people from their enemies without harming them. (2 Ki. 6:15-17; 19:34, 35; Dan. 3:19, 20, 26-28; 6:16-22) However, Jesus knew that if he had acted unwisely and risked his life unnecessarily, he could not expect Jehovah's protection. Instead, he urged Jesus to do something foolish to test Jehovah.* From Jesus' reply to Satan, we can see that Psalm 91 promises Jehovah's protection in all respects - spiritually, physically, and emotionally.

10 The inspired promises found in Psalm 91 are very encouraging to us because they assure us that Jehovah is "a real dwelling" for those who trust in him.

HOW does Jehovah provide for our needs?

11 Jehovah protects us spiritually by protecting us from harmful influences. (Rom. 6:16; 7:21-23) To that end, he provides us with what we need to safeguard our relationship with him.

12 His Word, the Bible, gives us wise counsel about wrong desires and how to control them, as we read at Matthew 5:28, 29. (Read.) Jesus said that a man who "keeps on looking at a woman so as to have a passion for her" has already committed adultery with her in his heart.

(Jas. 1:14, 15) Hence, if we do not allow immoral desires to grow in our heart, we can take strong measures in harmony with Jesus' counsel: "If, now, that right eye of yours is making you stumble, tear it out and throw it away from you". - Matt. 5:29. (Col. 3:5) Applying this counsel will safeguard our relationship with Jehovah.

* In the past, our publications have said that Psalm 91 focuses on Jehovah's promise of spiritual protection and that Satan is misled into thinking that this psalm implies that Jehovah will protect His servants physically. - See The Watchtower, December 1, 1974, page 722.

10. What confidence can we have?

11. How does Jehovah provide spiritual protection for us?

12-13. How can we overcome wrong desires? (Matthew 5:28, 29)

4

What Does It Mean?

Jehovah, through his organization, provides timely instruction to protect us spiritually

(See also paragraph 15)

14 His holy spirit. Jehovah also empowers us to fight wrong desires by means of his spirit, which he will give to us if we keep asking for it (Luke 11:9-13) The apostle Paul wrote: "Keep walking by spirit and you will carry out no fleshly desire at all". Jehovah's spirit does not prevent wrong desires from arising, but it can strengthen our resolve to do what is right and to resist wrong desires.

15 His organization: Through his organization, Jehovah provides timely counsel to protect us from spiritual harm.

14. How can holy spirit help us?

15. How does Jehovah's organization provide spiritual protection? (See also pictures.)

What is the name of the song?

5

(Matt. 4:3; 6:13) God's organization provides a wealth of information that helps us to be confident that Jehovah forgives our sins, cares for us, and will care for us in our time of need. (Ps. 86:5; Matt. 10:29-31; Luke 12:28; Heb. 13:5) Have you ever read something in our publications that touched your heart so much that you felt that it was written especially for you? Remember, Jehovah provides such timely food for our spiritual protection.

16 In an effort to prove that Satan is a liar, Jehovah has at times allowed his servants to be persecuted, even to the point of death, as a group. (Rev. 2:10; 6:9) Satan's fury is so great that he wants to devour all of God's faithful servants. (Matt. 24:9; Rev. 12:9-12) Nevertheless, we can be confident that Jehovah is using his angels to protect his people as a group so that they can continue to serve him and preach the good news. - Heb. 1:7, 14.

(Prov. 14:29, 30; 22:3; 2 Cor. 7:1) On the other hand, we know that Jehovah does not personally prevent all harm from befalling us, for if Jehovah were to protect us in every circumstance, Satan's assertion that God's servants are loyal to Him only because He does not allow any harm to befall them would be vindicated. (Job 1:10, 11) We understand, however, that Jehovah's patience has a primary reason for allowing the oppressors and the wicked to afflict his people, namely, to sanctify his name. (Rom. 9:22) Not only will Jehovah soon bring an end to the suffering of his people, but even now he will help us to endure whatever trials we may face in order to maintain our relationship with him. - 1 Cor. 10:13; 1 Pet. 5:10.

HOW does Jehovah protect us spiritually?

18 During the great tribulation, Jehovah will protect his people spiritually as well as physically. (Ezek. 38:1, 2, 10-16) By means of Jesus Christ and his heavenly armies, Jehovah will bring about the destruction of his enemies, triggering the war of Armageddon. (Rev. 17:12-14; 19:11, 14, 15) How will Jehovah protect his people during that war?

19 The coming destruction of this wicked world at Armageddon should not frighten us

16. (a) What do some of Jehovah's servants face, and why? (b) Of what can we be sure?

17. Why do we not expect Jehovah to protect us from every calamity now?

18. How will Jehovah protect his people in the future?

19-20. (See opening image.) (b) How will we respond to God's judgment at Armageddon?

6 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

When Jesus and his heavenly armies engage God's enemies at Armageddon, not one of them will survive. . . .

(Jer. 25:33; Zech. 14:12) At that time, none of God's precious sheep will be lost to enemy forces - human or demonic. - Luke 21:28; 2 Pet. 2:9.

20 At Armageddon, the inspired words of the psalmist will likely have a literal fulfillment: "A thousand will fall at your side and ten thousand at your right hand; to you it will not come near. Only with your eyes will you see the recompense of the wicked ones, because you have said: 'Jehovah is my refuge,' you have made the Most High himself your dwelling". Since you have made Jehovah your refuge, he promises to protect you from harm. Therefore, we can face the future with confidence, confident that Jehovah will protect those who trust in him.

COVER: At the battle of Armageddon, Jesus and the heavenly armies will defend God's people.

How Can You Cope?

□ What kind of protection does Jehovah promise in Psalm 91?

□ How is Jehovah protecting us now?

□ How will Jehovah protect us in the future?

SING 8 Jehovah is Our Refuge

What does the Bible say?

SING 36 Guarding the Places of Worship

THIS article will help us to obey Jehovah from the heart.

How to Develop an Obedient Heart

"Give your servant courage". - 1 KINGS 3:9.

MANY people obey their leaders for a variety of reasons. Many obey the law to avoid punishment or to be noticed by others. On the other hand, some obey God with partiality in order to receive praise from men. This was true of religious leaders in Jesus' day. (Matt. 23:5) However, one of the primary reasons we obey Jehovah is that we want to please him.

The Israelites acted irresponsibly toward Jehovah's direction, perhaps to the displeasure of the Egyptians

(See also paragraph 3)

(Ex. 12:5, 7) Rather than slaying the firstborn of humans or animals, Jehovah's angel would pass through the houses where blood was splashed on the doorposts and lintel, and the Israelites would have found it difficult to obey. (Ex. 8:25-27) Nevertheless, the Israelites recognized the importance of obedience, and they "did just as Jehovah had commanded". (Ex. 12:28) As a result, Jehovah preserved the lives of their firstborn sons.

4 That very night, Jehovah led the Israelites out of Egypt, first by way of the Red Sea to the north, then by a surprising direction to the south, where they would encamp between the sea and the mountains - in a strategic position that would make them vulnerable to Pharaoh's armies. (Exodus 14:5-11) Why did the Israelites have to obey Jehovah, and how did Jehovah view their course of action?

5 According to the Flood, the Israelites "did not show appreciation for Jehovah's wonderful works" in Egypt; they "did not remember his great acts of loving-kindness". (Read Psalm 106:7.) (Ps. 106:21, 24-26) What lesson can we learn from this?

4. What outstanding instruction did Jehovah give the Israelites?

5. Why was Jehovah displeased with the Israelites in the Promised Land? (Psalm 106:7)

What is the name of the song?

9

A Lesson from the History of the Israelites

6 As we consider Israel's history, we do well to reflect on why we obey Jehovah and those whom he has appointed to take the lead among us. For example, we do well to ask ourselves, 'Do I obey Jehovah only when it is in my best interests to do so?' We can also ask ourselves, 'Do I obey Jehovah even when others are disobedient or angry with me?' When the Israelites were oppressed in Egypt, Jehovah helped the people to "find favor in the eyes of the Egyptians". (Ex. 12:36) Later, however, when the Egyptians angrily pursued them, the Israelites proved unfaithful and rebelled. (Read Jeremiah 23:4.) We need to be willing to obey new directions even if we do not understand the reason for them or if doing so may seem unpleasant to those who do not love Jehovah.

7 At times, we may find it difficult to obey the direction we receive from Jehovah's organization when it seems to be too difficult or too costly to do so, but we do so because we love Jehovah and have faith in him. (1 John 5:3) If we truly love Jehovah, we will be willing to wait patiently, recognizing that it may take some time before we see the blessings that come from obeying the ransom. - Eccl. 7:8; Mic. 7:7.

8 Likewise today, many of our brothers and sisters have set a fine example by being willing to follow direction even when they did not understand the reasons for the direction. For example, during the coronavirus pandemic, the Governing Body made a decision to have the meetings held through videoconferencing. When a sister in Japan learned that her abortion had been aborted, she said: "I wanted to listen to the change and not argue with it. I knew that it would be good".

9 Preparing for persecution: We must prepare ourselves to continue in the Kingdom-preaching work in the face of persecution.

6. What will we do if we have complete trust in Jehovah? (Jeremiah 23:4)

7. What are the benefits of cultivating love for Jehovah?

8. How was one brother and sister determined to be obedient?

9. (a) What can we do now to remain obedient in the face of persecution? (b) How can we remain obedient in the face of persecution?

10 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

We will continue preaching until the end of this wicked system of things, when God's judgment will come at Armageddon. (Matt. 24:14) During the coming tribulation, people will likely react angrily to our message, and they will have to decide whether to take a stand for God's Kingdom or not.* (Prov. 16:21) Like Pharaoh, they will undoubtedly react angrily to Jehovah's judgment. We can prepare for future persecution by being obedient to the command to preach even in the face of unresponsiveness.

Jehovah's Promised Land - What Does It Mean to You?

10 The Bible gives us fine examples of men and women who obeyed Jehovah, such as King Jehoshaphat of Judah, who reigned when the combined forces of three nations threatened to invade Judah.

11 Jehoshaphat "set his heart to seek Jehovah". (2 Chron. 20:3) This was not the first time that Jehoshaphat sought Jehovah's guidance. (2 Chron. 19:3) When faced with the threat posed by the enemy, Jehoshaphat knew that he could rely on Jehovah for guidance. We can pray, do research, seek Jehovah's direction, and be determined to follow his guidance

* See "Questions From Readers" in the August 1, 2025, issue of The Watchtower.

10. (a) How did King Jehoshaphat feel when the combined forces of three nations came against Judah? (b) How did Jehoshaphat feel?

11. What did Jehoshaphat do when threatened? (2 Chronicles 20:5, 6, 10-12)

If we learn to be obedient now, it will help us to prepare for future persecution (See paragraph 9)

11

Humble elders obey Jehovah, his organization, and each other

(See also paragraph 16)

We can be confident that he will sustain us. - Ps. 119:112.

12 As you continue to deepen your knowledge of God's Word, you will find in Jehoshaphat's prayer that he knew much about Jehovah's dealings in the past and that he knew that Jehovah had fulfilled his promise to Abraham to give his descendants a fertile land. (Gen. 12:7) Jehoshaphat's words were similar to those found in Solomon's prayer at the dedication of the temple. (Matt. 13:52) This will help us to be determined to obey Jehovah even when it is difficult to do so.

13 Continue to be humble: Jehoshaphat's humility was reflected in a prayer to God in which he acknowledged publicly that he needed God's help rather than relying on his own strength when faced with a large army. (2 Chron. 20:12) Humility enabled the king to obey God's direction without delay, and humility can help us to be willing to obey God throughout our life. - Phil. 2:5, 8.

14 Consider the effect of your actions. In answer to Jehoshaphat's prayer, the prophet Jahaziel instructed him: "Stand still and see the salvation of Jehovah in your behalf". The Bible says: "Jehoshaphat immediately bowed down with his face to the ground, and all the people bowed down with their faces to the ground . . . and worshiped Jehovah". It was 20:14-20.

12. What will help us to strengthen our resolve to obey Jehovah?

13. What are the benefits of being humble?

14. How did Jehoshaphat respond to the prophet's direction?

12 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

15 Jehoshaphat also showed great faith by arranging for the singers to lead the procession in praising Jehovah. (2 Chron. 20:21) After consulting with the people, Jehoshaphat urged them to trust in Jehovah and obey him.

16 Elders, parents, and others who have authority in the congregation can benefit from Jehoshaphat's example. His heartfelt obedience had a good effect on the people. He did as King Solomon did. When Solomon was faithful to Jehovah, he asked for the courage to judge the people and to instruct them in Jehovah's way. (Read 1 Kings 3:9) Jehoshaphat humbly listened to Jehovah's prophet, consulted with the people before making decisions, and encouraged them to listen to Jehovah and follow his direction. (Prov. 15:22) By their fatherly example, they show that they willingly support the organization's direction, and they encourage the congregation to do the same. Parents who are willing to listen from the heart also set a good example for their children. - Prov. 1:8; 14:1.

17 We can be confident that if we obey Jehovah from the heart, he will support and guide us in every situation. He will use his appointed representatives to give us direction, as he did in the past.

15. How did Jehoshaphat show that he trusted in Jehovah?

16. What lesson can elders, parents, and responsible brothers learn from Jehoshaphat? (1 Ki. 3:9) (See also picture.)

17. Why should we always obey Jehovah from the heart?

How Can You Cope?

□ What lessons can we learn from what happened to the Israelites when they left Egypt?

□ How did Jehoshaphat show that he was obedient from the heart?

▪ What have you learned from the good example of Jehoshaphat?

LISTEN to the following song.

Make Me Know Your Ways

This article is part of our coverage of the Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc.

SING 84 We Have Much to Do

OVERVIEW This article discusses the fulfillment of Zechariah 8:23 and highlights the role that Jehovah's people play in reaching people of all languages.

Jehovah's People Proclaim the Good News in "All the Languages of the Nations"

"In those days ten men out of all the languages of the nations will take hold, yes, they will take hold of the skirt of a man who is a Jew". - ZECHARIAH 8:23.

(Gen. 11:6-9) However, Jehovah has made it clear that his purpose is to gather out of all nations and tribes and peoples and tongues a "great crowd" who will survive the great tribulation and enter into the new world. (Rev. 7:9, 10, 14) How, then, will people of all languages call on Jehovah during the great tribulation if there is no one to preach to them? (Read Romans 10:13, 14) What a privilege it is to help people to hear the good news in their own language so that they can have faith in Jehovah and be saved!

2 Centuries before the apostle John penned the book of Revelation, the prophet Zechariah was inspired to foretell that "many nations will join themselves to Jehovah, and they will certainly become one people". (Zech. 2:11) Zechariah then prophesied: "This is what Jehovah of armies has said, 'It will occur in those days that ten men out of all the languages of the nations will take hold, yes, they will actually take hold of the skirt of a man who is a Jew, saying: "We will go with you people, for we have heard that God is with you people".'" (Zech. 8:23) How did Zechariah respond?

1. Why is it good to preach to people in their mother tongue? (Romans 10:13, 14)

14

Since this wonderful prophecy is being fulfilled in our day, let us see how we personally can share in its fulfillment.

THE GOOD NEWS IN THE WORLD'S GREEN WORLD What are some of the benefits of preaching the good news?

3 In Zechariah's prophecy, the "Jew" represents those who are anointed by God with holy spirit, who are also called "the Israel of God". (Gal. 6:16) They share in Jesus' heavenly rulership.

4 In 1919, Christ appointed a small group of anointed brothers to serve as "the faithful and discreet slave". Those brothers recognized that the good news had to be preached to all the nations, and this involved translating the Bible's message into many languages. (Matt. 24:45) By that time, the Bible Students were showing the "Photo-Drama of Creation" in many lands, but the slave class saw the need to do more. In 1935 the faithful slave class was helped to discern the scope of the work, so that during that decade Jehovah laid the foundation for the worldwide preaching work that would be accomplished in fulfillment of Zechariah's prophecy.

SHOW YOUR PEOPLE HOW THEY SHOULD HAVE BENEFITED What is the purpose of life?

5 As the Kingdom-preaching work continues to expand, people from all walks of life are responding favorably to the Kingdom message, as foretold in the Bible. (Read Isaiah 2:2-4.) To meet the needs of all these people, God's people have volunteered to share in the preaching work by translating, printing, and distributing our literature worldwide. (Ps. 68:11; 110:3) And brothers and sisters with computer skills have developed tools such as jw.org and JW Library® to help people in many languages learn more about the Bible.

6 To benefit from the spiritual food provided by the faithful and discreet slave class, people of all nations and languages show their appreciation by making voluntary contributions to the worldwide preaching work, which has resulted in publications being published in over 1,100 languages and in hundreds of thousands of new ones being baptized each year.

7 Jehovah's people now have the tools

3. Who is represented by the "Jew", and who are represented by the "ten horns"?

4. What happened after Jesus appointed the faithful and discreet slave in 1919?

How is Isaiah 2:2-4 being fulfilled today? (See also picture.)

7. What effect does seeing the fulfillment of Revelation 14:6 have on us?

What does it mean to be a Christian?

Spiritual food provided by the faithful and discreet slave class is being distributed to people of all nations, tongues, and races

(See paragraphs 5 and 6)

(Read Revelation 14:6.) As we see the fulfillment of the prophecies in Zechariah and Revelation, our faith in Bible prophecy is strengthened, and we become convinced that Jehovah is using his people to preach the good news worldwide.

What Jehovah Has Done for His People Today

8 On the day of Pentecost 33 C.E., Jehovah miraculously made disciples of Jesus in Jerusalem speak different languages. (Acts 2:4-10) Jehovah wanted them to hear the good news in their own language, since people from many nations had come to worship at the temple in Jerusalem.

9 Consider the following example: A person who travels abroad may need medical help because he does not know the language of the country, and he may need someone to interpret what the doctor says.

8. What remarkable event took place on the day of Pentecost 33 C.E.?

9. How can we help foreign-language speakers to benefit from the good news?

16 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

We have a number of tools, including videos, printed materials, and electronic publications, to help them grasp the Bible's lifesaving message in their mother tongue.

10 One day, while witnessing in a seaport, Robert, a brother who speaks English, met a man from Turkey who was working as a shipping clerk and accepted the brochure Good News From God! in Turkish. The man asked a series of questions about world events, and Robert used the JW Library app to show him the Bible's answers in Turkish. To his surprise, the man said: "It's as if you were hearing our language!" Robert later recalled: "We had a conversation that lasted for an hour, and I could see that he now appreciated the Bible's message more and more. What a privilege it is to help honesthearted people to understand the Bible's message in their own language!"

11 Even if you give a tract or an article from jw.org to a person whose language is different from yours, be prepared to use these methods on a return visit to someone who does not speak your language.

10-11. What lessons did you learn from Robert's experience and from the box "Hope for the Refugee"?

Lub Neej hom thub Qab Ntut Tshiab Yajab Tsayods also known as Lub Neej

Hope for a Refugee

She spoke Hmong but did not understand English. Her husband did not allow her to read any literature, not even the Bible. "I was constantly anxious and depressed", says Youa. One day an English-speaking sister gave her the tract Life in a Peaceful New World in the Hmong language. Eventually, one of her daughters accepted the truth and took her to a Hmong-language congregation meeting. She began to study the Bible with Jehovah's Witnesses and eventually joined the brothers in serving Jehovah.

17 SEPTEMBER 2026 What is the purpose of life?

Living for Jehovah's Name Among the Nations

12 Throughout history, sincere translators have worked hard to make the Bible available to the widest possible number of people.* More recently, with the help of the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures, Jehovah's servants around the world have been able to read God's Word in more and more languages. The New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures, available in whole or in part in over 300 languages, is an accurate, easy-to-read translation of the Bible that preserves the unity of beliefs and teachings of Jehovah's people worldwide.

13 Unlike many modern translations of the Bible, the New World Translation uses God's name, Jehovah, thousands of times. In contrast, many religious leaders today who claim to represent God refuse to use or disapprove of the use of God's name. For example, the Catholic Church has taken the unusual step of removing God's name from translations of the Bible and from other publications.* Many other churches have done the same. Let us see why the New World Translation restores God's name to its rightful place in the original text.

14 The Scriptures emphasize the importance of knowing and using God's name in a number of ways. For example, in the Psalms, worshippers of God are encouraged to "praise the name of Jehovah". (Ps. 135:1) In a model prayer to Jehovah, Jesus taught his followers to say: "Let your name be sanctified". (1 Cor. 10:13) Those who use translations that omit God's name fail to comply with such Scriptural requirements.

* The Hebrew Scriptures were first translated into Greek about 150 B.C.E.

* In 2008, Pope Benedict XVI ordered that God's personal name "neither be used nor pronounced" during Catholic liturgical services, hymns, or prayers. - See also The Watchtower, October 1, 1997, pages 16-18, paragraphs 4-8.

12. How have Jehovah's people benefited from the New World Translation?

13. Why is God's name omitted from many modern Bible translations?

14. What Scriptural reasons do we have for knowing and using God's personal name?

18 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

15 In addition, most of Jehovah's people can read the New World Translation in their own language, which has helped them to learn the truth about Jehovah and to grow in love for him and trust in him. - Prov. 18:10; Isa. 56:6.

16 The Bible foretells that Jehovah will soon take action against the kings of the earth. (Rev. 16:14) During that time, Jehovah will protect those who know and obey him and who praise his name. (Ps. 9:10; read John 17:3) However, those who disobey and rebel against Jehovah will eventually have to acknowledge that he is the Almighty God when he acts against them, for Jehovah himself says: "I will magnify myself and sanctify myself and make myself known before the eyes of many nations; and they will have to know that I am Jehovah". (Ezek. 38:23) What a joy it is for Jehovah's servants to have Jehovah God as their Friend, not as their Adversary! - Mal. 3:16.

17 What a privilege it is to have a share in the worldwide Kingdom-preaching work foretold at Zechariah 8:23! And how wonderful it is to work hand in hand with the angels and the spiritual brothers and sisters in helping people of all nations, tribes, and tongues to accept the good news! It is our privilege to keep on proclaiming Jehovah's name and the truth about him until he is glorified. - Luke 11:2.

15. What is the attitude of Jehovah's servants toward his name?

16. Why is it urgent for people to come to know Jehovah now? (John 17:3)

17. What great privilege do we have?

How Can You Cope?

▪ Who are represented by the "Jew" and the "ten men" of Zechariah 8:23?

▪ What has enabled people around the world to learn about Jehovah?

□ Why is it important for people to know and use Jehovah's name?

57 "Preach to People of All Sorts"

This article was last edited on 23 November 2026.

The Priesthood - A Loving Provision

LISTEN to the following song.

God's Example of Love

THE subject of the article

This article will help us to see how the priesthood arrangement draws us closer to Jehovah.

Every high priest is selected from among men and is appointed to represent them in matters related to God.

Whether we realize it or not, all of us are imperfect and have inherited the sinful condition that separates us from God. (Eph. 2:12; Col. 1:21) Our sinful condition, which is like a deep-seated wound that separates us from our heavenly Father, is beyond our ability to repair.

2 This article will consider how the priesthood arrangement benefited Jehovah's people in the past, how it benefits us now, how it will benefit us in the future, and how it reflects God's great love for mankind.

How Jehovah's Design Benefited Ancient Israel

3 Under inspiration, the apostle Paul explained the primary reason for Israel's priesthood arrangement. (Read Hebrews 5:1.)

1. Why do all humans need help?

2. What will we consider in this article?

3. According to Hebrews 5:1, how did the arrangement of the priesthood benefit true worshipers? (See also picture.)

20

Like a barrier separating Jehovah from humans, the priestly arrangement provided the needed ceiling

(See also paragraph 3)

In this way, the high priest and his fellow priests became like a ceiling through which obedient humans could approach God.

Malachi 2:7 says: "'It is the duty of the lips of the priest to preserve knowledge, and it is from his mouth that people should seek law; for he is the messenger of Jehovah of armies.' Thus, it was the responsibility of the priest to instruct the Israelites in the Mosaic Law and to help them to understand and obey it. It was "explained in detail", explaining the meaning of what was being read, helping the people to obey God's Law, and drawing them closer to Jehovah. - Neh. 8:2, 3, 6-8.

5 Second, the priests represented the people before God by offering animal sacrifices in behalf of the nation so that their sins could be forgiven. The people of Israel knew that they sinned every day and needed help to atone for their sins. (Ps. 51:9) Jehovah's arrangement for animal sacrifices filled that need.

Experts who questioned the Bible's message

6 Jehovah has always wanted to be at peace with his faithful servants

4. What was the special responsibility of Israel's priests?

5. How did the priests represent the people before God, and what does this teach us about Jehovah?

6. In patriarchal times, what role did the patriarchal head have in common with the priesthood?

What does the Bible say?

(Gen. 8:20) Abraham built altars on which he offered sacrifices to Jehovah; (Gen. 12:7, 8) Job offered up burnt offerings on behalf of his sons and daughters; (Job 1:5) Jehovah appointed priests from among his servants before he appointed the Levites to serve as priests for Israel; and the Levites served as priests for Israel. Jehovah commanded: "Let the priests [family heads] who come near to Jehovah sanctify themselves, that Jehovah may not take vengeance upon them". - Exodus 19:22.

7 Melchizedek was the first person mentioned directly in the Scriptures as a priest. (Gen. 14:18) He served as both a king and a priest, and Jehovah later promised that the Messiah would be a king-priest like Melchizedek, whose rulership would bring everlasting benefits to mankind. - Ps. 110:4; Heb. 7:17.

8 As mentioned earlier, when Jehovah organized the nation of Israel as his people, he provided the priesthood and the Law through Moses, and the priesthood consisted of Moses' brother, Aaron, and his descendants. (Ex. 40:12-15) The priesthood was responsible for offering sacrifices - the high priest for the nation, the other priests for individual Israelites, and the Levites, who served in various capacities in support of the priesthood.

7. Who was Melchizedek, and what did he and the Messiah have in common?

8. Who served as priests in Israel, and what did they do?

9 At his baptism, Jesus was installed as High Priest in Jehovah's great spiritual temple. (Heb. 8:1) Centuries later, he offered his perfect human life as a sacrifice to cover the sins of mankind, a sacrifice far superior to the animal sacrifices made by the priests in Israel. (1 Pet. 1:3, 4; 2:9) After being resurrected to heavenly life, they will have the joy of working alongside Jehovah and Jesus to help obedient humans to reach perfection and to make the earth a paradise.

10 As we have seen, from the earliest days of human history, Jehovah used an arrangement for a priesthood to make it possible for humans to approach him. By means of the many sacrifices that were offered, faithful Israelites could be reminded of their need for the ransom.

What Experts Say About Jehovah

11 The arrangement for the priesthood reminds us of Jehovah's keen desire to have a relationship with his people

9-10. Who will form a priesthood with Christ during the Thousand Year Reign?

11. How does the arrangement for the priesthood underscore Jehovah's desire to have us draw close to him?

22 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

Although sin has severely damaged our relationship with Jehovah, he wants us to be able to make amends - to approach him freely in prayer, to do what pleases him, to have a close personal relationship with him, and to be freed from sin and death. (2 Cor. 5:18) Jehovah knows that we have inherited sin and imperfection, not our fault.

12 The Bible describes Christ as our High Priest, "a helper with the Father, who makes intercession for us in behalf of our sins". (1 John 2:1; read Hebrews 7:25.) Since Jesus knows your thoughts, your feelings, your frequent prayers for forgiveness, and your efforts to do what is right, we can be confident that Jehovah is willing to accept Christ's ransom sacrifice and forgive us our sins in mercy. (Ps. 86:5) This is possible because Jehovah himself has appointed Jesus as our "Helper".

12. (a) Why is it reassuring to know that Jesus intercedes for us as our High Priest? (b) How can we benefit from Jesus' intercession?

Our High Priest Jesus appreciates our good works; he understands our motives for doing them, how we seek Jehovah's forgiveness, and how we try to do the right thing (See paragraph 12)

13 The privileges of the priestly class are further proof that Jehovah wants us to approach him freely in prayer. (Read Hebrews 4:16.) Jesus' role as our High Priest also makes it possible for us to approach Jehovah freely. Jehovah delights to listen to our prayers. (Rom. 8:26) Even in such situations, we need to talk to Jehovah regularly and confidently, since he is our loving and eternal Father.

14 The arrangement for a priesthood reflected Jehovah's will that humans live forever. (Ezek. 33:11) The animal sacrifices offered by God's servants in the past could not completely cover sin. (Heb. 7:19) However, those sacrifices foreshadowed the perfect sacrifice of Christ Jesus, which would make forgiveness of sins possible and open the way to everlasting life for obedient humans.

(Phil. 2:8; Rev. 2:10) Yes, they will prove their integrity to Jehovah, and their integrity will stand as a witness to all mankind. So we can be confident that during the Thousand Year Reign, we will be lovingly helped to do what is right and will gradually be brought to perfection as a result of the benefits of Jesus' ransom sacrifice. With the help of Jesus and his corulers, they will bring mankind to the perfection that Jehovah originally purposed for mankind. - Rev. 22:1, 2.

16 As our High Priest, Christ understands and sympathizes with our feelings because he himself experienced similar feelings when he was on earth. (Read Hebrews 4:15) Consider: Do you sometimes feel tired? Jesus did. (John 4:6) Do you sometimes feel hungry and thirsty? Jesus did. (Matt. 4:2; John 19:28) Have you been ostracized or ridiculed because of your faith? Since Jesus, our High Priest, has experienced our limitations, we can be sure that he is sympathetic and compassionate.

17 As the 144,000 members of the heavenly priesthood work with Jesus to help humans become perfect, they will also understand our feelings.

13. What is another reason why Jehovah appointed Jesus as our High Priest, and how does this benefit our prayers? (Hebrews 4:16)

14. How does the ransom sacrifice make it possible for us to have everlasting life?

15. How is Jehovah's love evident in his choosing the royal priesthood?

16. How does Hebrews 4:15 underscore the need for Jehovah's appointment of a High Priest?

17. Why can we be sure that the anointed remnant will understand humans as they are brought to perfection?

24 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

I do not say a word to those seventy-four thousand and four hundred thousand, who were chosen from every tribe and people and nation,

18 All that we have considered regarding the arrangement for the priesthood shows us that Jehovah is a loving, merciful, caring, and understanding God who is not like Satan, who wants to consume us. (Rev. 12:10) Do you not find that Jehovah has taken steps to draw us to him in order to assure us that we can have a good relationship with him and be acceptable to him?

19 The priesthood arrangement assures us that Jehovah understands our feelings of worthlessness because of our imperfections and that he knows that we are made of dust. (Ps. 103:14) Jehovah looks beyond our mistakes and focuses on our good qualities and the person we are trying to become.

20 We have also seen that Jehovah wants us to have a close relationship with him by means of an arrangement for a priesthood that would enable us to worship him acceptably. This loving provision of Jehovah covered the gulf that separated him from his faithful servants and made it easier for them to approach him.

18. From the arrangement for the priesthood, what do we learn about Jehovah, and how do you feel about that arrangement?

19. How does Jehovah view us when we feel unworthy?

20. Why are you grateful for Jehovah's arrangement for a priesthood, and what is your determination?

How Can You Cope?

□ Why did Jehovah provide a priesthood for humans?

□ What priesthood did Jehovah use at various times?

□ How does the priestly arrangement draw you closer to Jehovah?

16 Praise Jah for the Messianic Kingdom!

This is a list of countries by coal production, based mostly on the results of United Nations geological surveys.

SING 22 The Kingdom Is Ruling - Let It Come!

This article will help us to identify three dangers and how to avoid them.

Guard Against the Spirit of the World

"Everything in the world . . . does not originate with the Father". - 1 JOHN 2:16.

(Rev. 12:12, 13, 17) This does not mean that Satan is physically present anywhere in the world at any given time; nor does the Bible say that any faithful angel or demon possesses this ability. (Read 1 John 2:15, 16.) Even those who do not believe that Satan exists can do his will when they allow the spirit of the world to influence their conduct.

2 Many of us used to live as the world does, but when we came to know who is driving this world's thinking and actions, we changed our lifestyle. We followed the Bible's counsel to "repudiate ungodliness and worldly desires". (Titus 2:11, 12) Thus, despite Satan's power and influence in the world, we take our stand against him with Jehovah's help.

1. How does Satan influence many people in the world today? (1 John 2:15, 16)

2-3. (a) How do Jehovah's servants differ from those who are influenced by the spirit of the world? (b) Against what do we need to be on guard?

26

The spirit of the world can easily influence us (See paragraph 5)

How pleased Jehovah must be when we vigorously resist the spirit of the world!

(Eph. 6:11; Phil. 3:18) This article will consider what we can do to resist being influenced by the spirit of the world, but first, let us consider what is behind the influence of "the spirit of the world". - 1 Cor. 2:12.

WHAT IS the religion of the world?

4 In the Bible, "the spirit of the world" refers to the attitudes and thinking of people who are alienated from God, who are self-centered and who have little regard for Jehovah's moral standards.

5 The Bible shows that Satan "is misleading the inhabitants of the earth", and the world's spirit is one of his main tools. (Rev. 12:9) The apostle Paul compares the spirit of the world to "the air". (Read Ephesians 2:1, 2.)

4. What is the spirit of the world, and what is the effect of its influence?

5. How is the spirit of the world like the wind? (Ephesians 2:1, 2) (See also picture.)

What is the Bible's view of marriage?

Just as the spirit of the world causes corruption everywhere and at all times, so the spirit of the world causes corruption both now and in secret. Let us see what it is and how we can avoid it.

Avoid unnecessary distractions

6 The Bible foretold that in the last days of this system of things, people would be "lovers of themselves, . . . haughty, puffed up with pride, lovers of pleasures rather than lovers of God". (2 Tim. 3:1-3) Such negative traits are evident in the speech of many today, as well as in reports of hurtful speech, fighting, and violence, adultery in the home, and abusive speech among children and adults alike.

7 Christians should set a good example in the way they communicate, whether face-to-face or by electronic means. (Jas. 1:26, 27) Ask yourself: Do I use foul language when I am angry or when dealing with those who do not know me as one of Jehovah's Witnesses?

8 What can we do if we sense that our speech has been affected by the spirit of the world? We need to adjust our speech. But that is not all. Remember, Jesus said: "The things proceeding out of the mouth come out of the heart, and those things defile a man". (Matt. 15:18) Jesus' words indicate that our speech reveals our innermost thoughts and feelings, which is why the Bible lists "abusive speech" along with other negative traits, such as anger, rage, and resentment. (Eph. 4:31) If you realize that you may have some weaknesses, pray to Jehovah to help you to put on the new personality more fully. (Read Colossians 3:8-10.)

Avoid the Harmful Influence of Drugs

9 Another manifestation of the spirit of the world today is its unwillingness to conform to Jehovah's moral standards. Abortion, premarital sex, and homosexuality and even childbearing are widely tolerated. (Isa. 5:20) If we are not careful, the spirit of the world can gradually make us think that such practices are acceptable.

6. How is the spirit of the world reflected in the speech of many today?

7. What questions can we ask ourselves about our giving?

8. What can we do to avoid unwholesome speech? (Colossians 3:8-10)

9. How do many today react to Jehovah's moral standards?

28 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

Jehovah's ways and standards are always best for us, and they are always up-to-date and timely. - Isa. 48:17, 18; 55:9.

10 Those who want to please Jehovah must also hate what he hates. (Ps. 97:10) So we do well to ask ourselves: Do I feel that Jehovah's moral standards are too restrictive?

(Ps. 51:5; 103:14) Nevertheless, you can choose to do what is right and not allow yourself to be overtaken by fleshly desires. (Eph. 2:3) Moreover, if you notice that wrong desires are growing in your heart, take immediate action to remove from your mind and eyes anything that could foster wrong desires. (Gen. 39:9, 12) Next, consider how such conduct can affect your relationship with Jehovah and with others, and be determined not to jeopardize that precious relationship. (Eph. 5:5) With Jehovah's help, you can learn to hate what is bad.

Avoid the Dangers of the Internet

12 Many of us use the Internet in our daily activities and even in our worship of Jehovah. Yet, many Internet sites promote the spirit of the world, such as pornography, the sexting of sexually explicit pictures, videos, and messages by means of cell phones, especially among young people. Such pictures, videos, and comments may cause us to feel compelled to spend more time on recreation and tours, even to the detriment of our worship. - Heb. 10:24, 25.

13 All of us need to be careful that our use of the Internet does not consume too much of our time or adversely affect our thinking and actions.

10. What questions can help us to determine if we have developed a loathing for what Jehovah hates?

11. How can you hate what Jehovah hates?

12. How is the world's spirit reflected in the Internet?

13. What questions can we ask ourselves about the Internet?

29 SEPTEMBER 2026 What is the future of the earth?

(Ps. 119:37) ❑ Am I quick to believe everything I read or see on the Internet, or do I make careful choices? - Prov. 14:15.

14 To counteract the spirit of the world, you also need to limit your use of the Internet and avoid viewing anything that is objectionable. Parents need to keep a close watch on their children's use of social networks. (Eph. 6:4) Research indicates that teenagers who spend a lot of time on the Internet are more likely to suffer from loneliness, anxiety, and depression than their peers.

You Can Help to Change the World!

15 If you notice that the spirit of the world has somehow infiltrated you, take steps to correct the situation.

* Names in this article have been changed.

14. How can we resist the world's spirit that is so prevalent on the Internet?

15. What does Gloria's experience teach you? (See also picture.)

How can you resist the world's spirit? (See paragraph 15)

30 From Our Readers

However, as time went by, she realized that associating with people who did not love Jehovah had affected her. What did she do? "I devoted more time to personal Bible study and prayer, and I stopped associating with people who did not serve Jehovah", she says. "Even though I am now a poor widow, I have been blessed in so many ways, and I am glad that my life has been dominated by Jehovah and not by Satan's world".

16 Consider the example of Robert, who succumbed to the influence of his schoolmates and unwholesome entertainment by smoking, drinking, and engaging in homosexual acts. "I felt free to do whatever I wanted", he says, "but I came to realize that I was not free at all; I was a slave to the world". (2 Pet. 2:19) What did Robert do?

16. What did you learn from Robert's experience?

How does Robert feel now? He says: Every morning, I wake up with a clean conscience, a conscience that is different from the one I had before, and that is a great blessing that brings me great joy and satisfaction.

17 As we have seen, we must resist the spirit of the world by avoiding unwholesome speech, immorality, and harmful Internet sites. (Read 1 John 4:4.) Moreover, Jehovah will give you his holy spirit, the most powerful force in the universe, to help you resist its influence. (Luke 11:13) May each of us be determined to keep on walking by God's spirit and resisting the spirit of the world. - Gal. 5:16.

17. Why can you be sure that you can resist the spirit of the world? (1 John 4:4)

HOW can we be sure that we are not being influenced by the world's spirituality?

■ How we pay

■ Our way of life

■ Use of the Internet

LISTEN to the following song.

We Will Remain Loyal

The Watchtower proclaims Jehovah's Kingdom

This article is part of our coverage of the September 2026 issue of Jehovah's Witnesses, Vol. 147, No. 10.

In this article

2 Trust in Jehovah to Protect You

8 How to Maintain a Disciplined Heart

14 Jehovah's People Proclaim the Good News in "All the Languages of the Nations"

20 The Priesthood - A Reflection of God's Love

26 Avoid Being Influenced by the Spirit of the World

What the Bible Really Teaches

"Let the Peace of the Christ Control in Your Hearts"

What is "the peace of the Christ" that Colossians 3:15 refers to? It is the inner peace that comes from knowing that a disciple of Christ is loved by Jehovah and his Son. - John 14:23, 27.

The apostle Paul encouraged fellow Christians in Colossae: "Let the peace of the Christ control your hearts, that is, the inner person.

For example, when we have a disagreement with a fellow Christian, we will let the peace of the Christ rule in our hearts, for it will help us to be "an example of peace" by putting aside personal preferences or by willingly forgiving others for the sake of peace. - Col. 3:12-14.

This publication is not for sale. It is part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations.

Unless otherwise indicated, Scripture quotations are from the modern-language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) September 2026 is published by the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2026 by the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania.

Go to jw.org, or scan this code on your mobile device

What is the purpose of JW.ORG®?

w26.09-EW