January 2026

What Does It Mean?

WORKING WITH the people of Jehovah's Kingdom

What does the Bible say?

"Happy are those conscious of their spiritual need". - MATTHEW 5:3.

This article will help you to do just that.

From March 2 to 8, 2026

LISTEN to the following song.

Living by God's Word

THE subject of the article

In this article, we will see how we can benefit from the many provisions that Jehovah has made for us to enjoy.

Continue to Pay Attention to Your Spiritual Needs

What does the Bible say?

"Happy are those conscious of their spiritual need". - MATTHEW 5:3.

JEHOVAH created all of us with certain basic needs - such as food, clothing, and shelter - to sustain our life, even if those needs are temporary. (Read Matthew 5:3.)

2 What does it mean to be poor in spirit? Does it not mean to be poor in spirit? Does it mean to be unclothed, to be hungry, to be homeless, to suffer hunger by day and cold by night, and to be in need of something? Does it not mean to be generous? Such ones are eager to receive and use whatever Jehovah has provided for those who love him.

3 In this article, we will first consider what lessons we can learn from

1. What are some basic human needs? (Matthew 5:3)

2. Illustrate what it means to be conscious of one's spiritual need.

3. What will we consider in this article?

2

The woman, a Phoenician from Syracuse, came to Jesus and spoke with great boldness and humility.

(See also paragraph 5)

The experience of the Phoenician woman who begged Jesus to help her highlights three qualities of those who are conscious of their spiritual need, and we will learn from others who were also conscious of their spiritual need - the apostle Peter, the apostle Paul, and King David.

WORK, Worship, and Worship

4 On another occasion, Jesus was approached by a Phoenician woman whose "daughter was badly demon-possessed". (Matt. 15:21-28) The woman came to Jesus, fell at his feet, and begged for help.

5 The woman's genuine humility was evident in her persistence in asking for help, not only because of her humility but also because of her faith. She was healed because Jesus said, "I am sent only to the lost sheep of Israel. " And the demon was driven out of her daughter.

6 To satisfy our spiritual needs, we too need to cultivate such vital qualities.

4. What did the Phoenician woman want Jesus to do for her?

5. (a) What remarkable quality did the woman display? (b) How did Jesus help her? (See also picture.)

6. What do we learn from the account of the Phoenician woman?

January 3, 2026

(Matt. 24:45-47) Jehovah and his Son are pleased to provide for the needs of those who cultivate these precious qualities. (Compare James 1:5-7.) We will also consider how Jehovah moldes us spiritually, helps us to put on the new personality, and protects us from harmful influences. We will also consider what we can learn from the examples of Peter, Paul, and King David.

What does the Bible say about Peter's faith?

7 Consider the example of the apostle Peter, who was one of the first Jews to recognize Jesus as the Messiah and who proved that Jehovah was using him to tell people the words of everlasting life. (John 6:66-68) Shortly after his resurrection, Jesus gave Peter the assignment to "shepherd my little sheep". (John 21:17) Peter faithfully fulfilled that assignment and was later inspired to write two letters that became part of the Bible. Peter acknowledged that some of Paul's writings were "hard to understand". (2 Pet. 3:15, 16) But Peter evidently did not give up, trusting that Jehovah would help him to absorb "hard food" from Paul's writings. - Read Hebrews 5:14-16; 6:1.

8 Strong faith in Jehovah moved Peter to act in harmony with divine direction. For example, while in Joppa, he had a vision in which an angel instructed him to kill and eat animals that were forbidden under the Mosaic Law. (Acts 10:28, 29) However, when Jehovah revealed to Peter that he wanted people of all backgrounds to hear the good news, Peter readily responded. (Prov. 4:18) Yes, Peter preached to Cornelius and his household, and they accepted the message, received holy spirit, and were baptized. - Acts 10:44-48.

9 Like Peter, we need to have a good routine of studying God's Word. Often, we enjoy reading the simpler portions of God's Word, but we also need to make time to study the deeper things of God.

7. What privilege did Peter have, but what did he need to do? (Hebrews 5:14-16)

8. (a) How did the apostle Peter respond to God's new direction? (b) How did Peter respond to God's new direction?

9. In what two ways can we benefit from studying the deeper truths of God's Word?

4 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

(Rom. 11:33; Rev. 4:11) Another important lesson we learn from Peter's example is that we should readily adjust our thinking and conduct when our understanding of Bible truths is clarified. These important things will help us to continue to serve Jehovah faithfully and to be used by him.

Imitate the Example of Paul

10 To please God, we need to put on the new personality, which the apostle Paul described in his letter to the Colossians: "Put on the new personality which conforms to the old personality". (Read Colossians 3:8-10.) He himself says that he is a God of secrecy. - 1 Tim. 1:13.

11 Before becoming a Christian, Paul was a violent man. (Acts 9:1) After becoming a Christian, Paul no doubt learned to control his temper and to be more patient and kind. (Eph. 4:22, 31) Yet, after a disagreement between Paul and Barnabas, they had a heated disagreement. (Acts 15:37-39) On that occasion, Paul failed to act in harmony with God's will, but he did not give up. He continued to work hard to overcome his weaknesses in order to please Jehovah. - 1 Cor. 9:27.

12 Paul was able to overcome his weaknesses and put on the new personality because he did not rely on his own abilities. (Phil. 4:13) Like Peter, Paul relied on God-given strength. (1 Pet. 4:11) Even though Paul at times felt discouraged because of his imperfections, meditating on Jehovah's goodness strengthened him to persevere in his efforts to please him. - Rom. 7:21-25.

13 Regardless of how long we have been serving Jehovah, we need to follow Paul's example by continually striving to strip off the old personality and put on the new personality that comes from God.

10. According to Colossians 3:8-10, what must we do to please Jehovah?

11. Describe the weaknesses that Paul struggled to overcome.

12. What gave Paul the strength to overcome his weaknesses?

13. How can we imitate Paul?

January 5, 2026

We must continue to study God's Word to gain Jehovah's guidance, to develop qualities that please him, and to obey him for his protection

(See also paragraph 18)

As we do so, we do well to remember this important truth: To be successful, we need to learn what Jehovah expects of us and then live in harmony with it.

DAVID WAS eager to serve Jehovah

14 To be truly happy, we need not only to know God's Word and to work at putting on the new personality but also to have Jehovah's protection.

(Ps. 34:7; Isa. 54:17) Jehovah is far more powerful than Satan, his demons, and any human who opposes us. Even if we are put to death, Jehovah will resurrect us. (1 Cor. 15:55-57; Rev. 21:3, 4) He gives us the strength to endure in our service to him, even when we are faced with distress and anxiety. (Matt. 6:27-29) Our loving heavenly Father has provided us with spiritual brothers and sisters who encourage and support us, as well as elders who teach and help us to be strong in the faith. (Isa. 32:1, 2) Also, at our meetings, we learn how to be under Jehovah's care and protection. - Heb. 10:24, 25.

16 When David was obedient, Jehovah protected him by helping him to make wise choices that brought him happiness. (Compare Proverbs 5:1, 2.)

14-15. In what ways does Jehovah protect his people? (Psalm 27:5) (See also cover picture.)

16. In what ways did Jehovah protect David?

6 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

(2 Sam. 12:9, 10) In those times, David poured out his heart to Jehovah, who comforted him and assured him of His love and care. - Ps. 23:1-6.

17 Like David, we can look to Jehovah for guidance in making wise decisions, remembering that he will not prevent the bad consequences of our decisions if we disobey him (Gal. 6:7, 8).

Getting Started With Spiritual Activities

18 Our yeartext for the year 2026 reads: "Happy are those conscious of their spiritual need . . . because they do not see their need for God; they believe in God but choose to worship him in their own way; they look to men for guidance but find no happiness".

March 9 to 15, 2026

45 "Thinking of You Is Worthwhile"

This article will help us to cope with anxiety and depression.

You Can Cope With Negative Feelings

What a wretched man I am!

WHEN you think of the apostle Paul, what comes to mind? A patient missionary, a gifted teacher, or a talented writer? Yes, he was a man with trials and tribulations, just as many of us are today.

2 Read Romans 7:21-24. Although he was a faithful Christian, Paul described his feelings and those of many of us. He had to fight an inner battle - his desire to do God's will while at the same time struggling with his own imperfections, the painful memories of his past mistakes, and the painful memories of the past.

3 Despite Paul's inner struggles, he did not allow negative emotions to dominate his thinking.* This article will help us to answer the following questions: What was Paul's motivation, how did he deal with his feelings, and how can we deal with our own?

WHY was Paul so determined?

4 Early life.

* DESCRIPTION: In this article, negative emotions refer to feelings that cause depression or anxiety from time to time; they do not refer to chronic depression, which is a medical condition.

1-2. What did the apostle Paul feel at times, and how is his situation similar to ours today? (Romans 7:21-24)

3. What will we consider in this article? (See also footnote.)

4. What regretful past did the apostle Paul have?

8

(Acts 7:58; 8:1) He also spearheaded a violent persecution of Christians. - Acts 8:3; 26:9-11.

For example, in his first letter to the Corinthians in 55 C.E., he wrote: "I am not worthy to be called an apostle, because I persecuted the congregation of God". (1 Cor. 15:9) About five years later, Paul wrote to the Ephesians, describing himself as "less than the least of all holy ones". (1 Tim. 1:13) Imagine how Paul must have felt when visiting congregations and encountering some who had been vicious persecutors or who had been unjustly persecuted.

6 The apostle Paul likened his adversity to a thorn in the flesh. (2 Cor. 12:7) The apostle did not specify what it was, but his words indicate that it may have been a physical affliction, an internal problem, or something else that was causing him anxiety.*

(Gal. 4:15; 6:11) Or he may have been troubled by the rumors spread by false teachers about Paul. (2 Cor. 10:10; 11:5, 13) Whatever the case, Paul at times felt discouraged.

5. How did the apostle Paul feel about his past?

(See also footnote.)

(Read Romans 7:18, 19.) He acknowledged that although he wanted to do what was right, his imperfect flesh made it difficult for him at times to do what was right.

What was Paul's experience and what did he learn from his fellow believers?

8 It is evident from all of Paul's letters that he reflected on the power of God's spirit to help him and his fellow Christians to fight and overcome wrong desires. (Rom. 8:13; Gal. 5:16, 17) Paul repeatedly counseled against certain desires and traits that Christians must reject in order to please Jehovah. (Gal. 5:19-21, 26) Paul no doubt meditated on his own weaknesses, sought Scriptural counsel, and identified ways to overcome them.

9 Although Paul at times felt discouraged, his positive outlook often brought him joy. For example, he rejoiced when he heard positive reports about the congregations.

7. Why was it sometimes difficult for Paul to do what was right? (Romans 7:18, 19)

8. What steps did Paul take to overcome his fleshly weaknesses?

9-10. What helped Paul to cope with discouragement? (Ephesians 1:7) (See also picture.)

January 9, 2026

(2 Tim. 1:4) Yes, Paul found joy in serving God with a "clean conscience". (2 Tim. 1:3) Even when he was a prisoner in Rome, he encouraged fellow believers to "continue rejoicing in the Lord". (Phil. 4:4) As you read Paul's words, you can see that he did not always allow his problems or shortcomings to weigh him down.

10 Another factor that helped Paul to maintain his joy was the ransom sacrifice of Christ, for he kept in mind that it was a manifestation of Jehovah's love for him. (Gal. 2:20; read Ephesians 1:7) As a result, Paul accepted God's forgiveness through Jesus Christ. (Rom. 7:24, 25) Although Paul was imperfect and had made mistakes in the past, he was able to render sacred service to God with joy. - Heb. 9:12-14.

11 Like Paul, we may be struggling with an inner struggle - a tendency to think, feel, or act in a way that displeases Jehovah. It also reminds me that Jehovah is aware of what his servants are going through. Like Paul, how can we maintain a clean conscience and keep our joy even when we are plagued by negative feelings?

* Some names have been changed.

11. Why is Paul's example encouraging to us?

What can we learn from the examples of the apostle Paul?

12 Keeping busy with spiritual activities can be likened to maintaining a balanced diet, exercising regularly, and getting sufficient sleep. Similarly, regularly reading God's Word, preparing for and attending Christian meetings, and sharing in the field ministry can help us to keep our mind and heart refreshed by activities that strengthen us to fight against unwholesome thinking. - Rom. 12:11, 12.

13 Consider John, who was diagnosed with terminal cancer at the age of 39. At first, he was terrified and worried. 'How could I have such a terrible disease when I was so young?' he wondered. 'He had a son who was only three years old at the time.' We attended all the meetings, went out in the preaching work every week, and had regular family worship even when it was not easy. Looking back, John says: "It can be frustrating and discouraging to go through difficult times, but I have learned that when things like that happen, Jehovah strengthens us and shows us that he loves us.

14 Elisa, mentioned earlier, says: "Every time I go to the meetings, I feel like I'm not there anymore".

12. What is the result of doing spiritual things?

13-14. How have some faithful Christians benefited from spiritual activities?

10 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

Although Paul at times suffered from past wrongdoing, meditating on the ransom helped him to overcome negative feelings (See paragraphs 9-10)

Brother Nolan, a circuit overseer in Africa, explains what has helped him and his wife, Diane: "We pray, study the Bible, and go to meetings and preach regularly even when Dad is upset. Jehovah always helps us to be happy. We keep in mind that Jehovah will bless us and help us; we do not know exactly how he will do it, but we know that he will do it".

15 To illustrate: Suppose you have a painful spinal cord. Some people like to exercise every day. But to relieve the pain, more may be needed. It may be wise to find out what is causing the pain, seek medical attention, do research in the Bible and in Bible-based publications, and discuss your situation with a mature Christian.

16 Pray to Jehovah to help you understand what you really need. (Read Psalm 139:1-4, 23, 24.) You too can pray to Jehovah to help you understand what is causing your anxiety and what you can do to calm your mind.

15. What may be needed to overcome distressing feelings? Illustrate.

16. What can help you to identify the causes of unwholesome thoughts? (Psalm 139:1-4, 23, 24)

11th of JANUARY 2026

"Sister": N-o-v-i-n-y-o-n-u. - "We have spoken": m-i-e-d. - "in the past": t-s-o-e v-a y-i. - "inquired about Job": k-u m-e t-s-o H-i-o-b-u. - "in his personal study.": l-e e-d-e e-d-e-k-u-s-i-n-u-s-s-r-e-n-u. - "He said: I have suffered many hardships in one situation". - "He said: I have suffered": E-g-b-l-e b-l-e: I have suffered many hardships in one situation". - "I have suffered many hardships in one situation". - "I have suffered many hardships in one situation". - "I have suffered many hardships in one situation". - "I have suffered many difficulties in one situation". - "I have suffered many difficulties in one situation". - "I have suffered many difficulties in one situation". - "I have suffered many difficulties in one situation". - "Through many hardships" - ends mid-sentence at "through" because the paragraph continues on the next page (page 13). Now Questions at the bottom: Question 17:

17. What subjects can you use in your personal study so that you can meditate on things that build you up? (See also picture.) - "17. What subjects can you use in your personal study so that you can meditate on things that build you up? (See also picture.) " - "can": n-a-t-e. - "use": a-z-e. - "with": a-t-s-e. - "do": a-w-e. - "self-study": de-hyphenated from "self-study-" / "study". - "will": n-a-w-e. -

(Job 42:1-6) Diane, quoted earlier, explains: "My husband and I studied the book Draw Close to Jehovah, which explains how we can be molded by Jehovah, just as a potter molds the clay into what he wants it to be. This strengthens us and draws us closer to him. - Isa. 64:8.

WORKING WITH JEHOVAH Will Lead to Strength and Blessings

19 By doing our best to be diligent in personal study and by applying the suggestions we have learned

19. How may we feel at times, but of what can we be sure?

As discussed in this article, we may still be plagued by negative feelings at times, but when we do, we can be sure that Jehovah will help us to put them out of our mind and give us a peace of mind that will enrich our life for the most part because we are pleasing him and have a good relationship with him.

20 Let us be determined never to allow negative emotions, past experiences, or mistakes to rob us of our joy.

March 16 to 22, 2026

Sing to Jehovah!

You Gave Your Beloved Son

What Does It Mean?

This article will help us to see how the ransom makes it possible for us to be forgiven of our sins, to be made perfect, and to have a close relationship with Jehovah.

Why We Need the Ransom

Who will rescue me from the body undergoing this death? - ROMANS 7:24.

WHAT if a house collapses on a man who survives but is unable to climb out of the debris? All he can do is scream for help, hoping that someone will come to his rescue.

2 We are all in a similar situation - we have inherited sin from Adam when he disobeyed his Maker, we have inherited sin from our offspring, and we are like that man trapped inside a brick wall - we are helpless. (Read Romans 7:22-24) He begged that someone might deliver him from this body of sin and death. Paul knew that he could not escape the death-dealing effect of inherited sin. (Rom. 6:23) We are in a similar situation, and we need someone to rescue us!

3 After describing his own situation, Paul lamented: "Who will rescue me from the body undergoing this death?" His next words give us hope: "Thanks to God through Jesus Christ our Lord!" (Rom. 7:25) Paul was referring to Jesus' ransom sacrifice.*

* IMPORTANT FACT: A ransom is the price paid to set someone free. Jesus' sacrifice is the ransom paid to free obedient humans from sin and death.

1-2. What do we need to be rescued from, and why? (Romans 7:22-24) (See also picture.)

3. In what ways does the ransom benefit us?

14

Just as a lame man needs to be stretched out, we need someone to rescue us from our sinful condition (See paragraphs 1-2)

Considering these points will deepen our love for Jehovah, "the God who gives hope". (Rom. 15:13) And our appreciation for the ransom will be deepened. - Col. 1:14.

WHY Jehovah Forgets Our Faults

4 As imperfect humans, all of us sin in word and deed. (Read Ecclesiastes 7:20.) Some sins, such as adultery and murder, are serious; under the Mosaic Law, they are punishable by death. (Leviticus 20:10; Numbers 35:30, 31) Some sins are not so serious; yet, each sin is different.

5 For example, have you ever said or done something that you later regretted? Have you ever made a mistake that you later regretted? No doubt you would answer yes to both of those questions.

6 By means of Jesus' ransom sacrifice, Jehovah provided the basis for forgiveness of our sins. (Eph. 1:7) However, this does not mean that Jehovah condones our sins, as if he were indifferent to them.

7 Under the Mosaic Law, animal sacrifices were required to atone for sins

4-5. Why do we all need the ransom? (Ecclesiastes 7:20)

On what basis does Jehovah forgive our sins? (See also picture.)

January 15, 2026

(Lev. 4:27-31; 17:11) Those sacrifices foreshadowed Jesus' superior sacrifice and the blessings that it would bring. Jesus' sacrifice is the legal basis for Jehovah's forgiveness of our sins. Paul identified the benefits of Jesus' sacrifice in his letter to the Christians in Corinth, writing: "But you have been washed clean, but you have been sanctified, but you have been declared righteous in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ and with the spirit of our God". - 1 Cor. 6:9-11.

8 As we prepare for the Memorial each year, we can also take time to meditate on how Jehovah forgives us personally. For example, because of the ransom, we do not need to feel guilty about past sins that we have repented of.

8. as we prepare for the Memorial each year, what can we meditate on?

The Bible says: "If we are walking in the light as [Jehovah] himself is in the light, . . . the blood of his Son Jesus cleanses us from all sin". (1 John 1:6, 7) We need to accept this truth as we do the rest of what the Bible teaches. It is the legal basis for Jehovah's forgiveness of sins and is expressed in his Word. - Ps. 86:5.

WHY WE HAVE A PURPOSE to go to heaven

9 In the Bible, the word "sin" refers both to wrongdoing and to imperfection.

9. What does the word "sin" mean in the Bible? (Psalm 51:5; footnote)

These sacrifices were a shadow of Jesus' ransom sacrifice and the blessings that would result from it.

(See paragraphs 6 and 7)

16 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

(Read Psalm 51:5 and footnote.) This condition, in addition to causing us to have bad thoughts and to sin at times, causes our bodies to fail to function as Jehovah intended and causes us to get sick, grow old, and die. It explains why even babies who have never sinned get sick and die, and why both good and bad people suffer and die.

(Gen. 3:7, 8) For the first time, Adam and Eve felt guilty, anxious, insecure, hurt, and ashamed - feelings that were to haunt them for the rest of their lives. - Gen. 3:16-19.

11 As imperfect humans, we too are prone to experience feelings of guilt, shame, anxiety, depression, and pain. No matter how much we try to improve our lot in life, we are bound to encounter problems that are beyond our control. Why? The Bible says that "the creation is subject to futility". (Rom. 8:20) That is true of us as individuals and of society as a whole. All of this is in vain. How has the ransom saved us from inherited sin?

12 It opens up the prospect of "the liberation of the creation itself from enslavement to corruption" through the ransom. (Rom. 8:21) This means that when we attain perfection in the coming Paradise, we will be freed from sickness, depression, guilt, shame, and anxiety.

13 Imagine what it would be like to wake up each morning in perfect health, never having to worry about food shortages, sickness, or death. Even now, you can have a measure of peace of mind if you keep your hope "as an anchor for the soul, both sure and firm". (Heb. 6:18, 19) Just as an anchor holds a ship together, your hope can strengthen your faith and help you to endure any situation.

10. What effect did sin have on Adam and Eve?

11. How does our sinful nature make us feel?

12. What does the ransom make possible?

13. as you prepare for this year's Memorial, what can you meditate on?

17th of JANUARY 2026

Jesus' sacrifice provides the legal basis for us to have a relationship with Jehovah (See paragraph 16)

(Heb. 11:6) The ransom gives us comfort now and hope for the future.

Why God's Will Will Will Be Fulfilled

(Rom. 8:7, 8; Col. 1:21) Because Jehovah is perfect and cannot tolerate wrongdoing, the Bible says of him: "You are too pure in eyes to see what is bad, and too pure to look on what is hurtful". (Hab. 1:13) Sin has become, as it were, a barrier that separates humans from God.

15 The Bible explains that Jesus "offered himself as a propitiatory sacrifice for our sins". (1 John 2:2) In what way does Jesus' ransom sacrifice reconcile us to God? It should be understood that Jehovah was not pleased with Jesus' death. (Isa. 46:10) It is by means of the ransom that the way is opened for mankind to be reconciled to God.

16 Think of the blessings that you have because of your relationship with God. For example, you can call Jehovah "Father", as Jesus taught us to do. (Matt. 6:9) At other times, you might even call Jehovah "Friend".

14. How and why did sin damage our relationship with our Creator?

15. What need does the ransom satisfy, and with what result?

16. (a) Preparing for the Memorial can help us to do what? (b) How can we prepare ourselves for the Memorial?

18 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

By means of Jesus, Jehovah 'made peace with himself and all other things' by making peace with them through the blood of Christ shed on the torture stake. (Col. 1:19, 20) Thus, despite our imperfection, we can have a close relationship with Jehovah.

What are some of the benefits of studying the Bible with Jehovah's Witnesses?

17 The ransom is an expression of Jehovah's undeserved kindness. Although we are "dead in trespasses and sins", he forgets us. (Read Ephesians 2:4, 5.)

17. How is the ransom an expression of Jehovah's mercy? (Ephesians 2:4, 5)

(John 17:3) If Satan thought that the rebellion of Adam and Eve would interfere with God's purpose, he has failed.

18 As we contemplate the benefits that the ransom can bring, we do well to remember that it serves not only to satisfy our personal needs but also to answer the moral issues raised by Satan in the garden of Eden. (Gen. 3:1-5, 15) The ransom provides a loving answer to Satan's accusations against God, and it is the means by which we can be freed from sin and death. (Prov. 27:11) How can you show that you are grateful for the ransom? The next article will answer that question.

18. What should we keep in mind as we meditate on the ransom?

WHY is it that . . .

▪ Can our sins be forgiven by Jehovah?

■ the prospect of becoming perfect?

▪ is it possible for humans to have a close relationship with God?

Sing to Jehovah

The Lord's Evening Meal

This article was corrected on March 23, 2026.

18 Appreciating the Ransom

This article will help us to see how we can show our gratitude for the ransom.

How Can You Show Appreciation for the Ransom?

The love of Christ compels us.

IF SOMEONE rescued you from the wreckage of a building, would you not express gratitude by thanking him, even though you were not the only one saved?

2 As we saw in the preceding article, we can be saved from inherited sin by means of the ransom sacrifice of Jesus Christ, which makes it possible for us to have (1) forgiveness of sins, (2) the prospect of being restored to a perfect state of health, and (3) the prospect of having a clean standing with God. (Rom. 8:30, 31) The apostle Paul said that "the love the Christ has compels us". (Read 2 Corinthians 5:14, 15.)

3 To illustrate: Suppose that three people are traveling to the same place, each taking a different route. Similarly, each of us can show our appreciation for the ransom in different ways, depending on our relationship with Jehovah.

1-2. What should Jesus' ransom sacrifice move us to do, and why? (2 Corinthians 5:14, 15) (See also picture.)

3. Why can we show our gratitude for the ransom in different ways?

20

How much more should we show our appreciation to Jehovah and Jesus for the way they have rescued us from sin and death (See paragraphs 1-2)

This chapter will help us to see how appreciation for the ransom can be shown in the lives of (1) Bible students, (2) baptized Christians, and (3) inactive ones.

What is the Bible's view of marriage?

4 If you are a Bible student, think about this: Your willingness to learn about Jehovah from his Word shows that you are among those whom Jehovah has drawn into a close relationship with him. (John 6:44; Acts 13:48) "Jehovah is the examiner of hearts", so he is aware of your efforts to serve him, and he is pleased to see the changes you are making to live in harmony with the truth.

5 As a Bible student, how can you show your appreciation for the ransom? One way is to heed the apostle Paul's counsel to the Philippians: "To the extent that we have already made progress, let us go on progressing according to this same routine". (Phil. 3:16) This means that you should let nothing distract you from the road to life. - Matt. 7:14; Luke 9:62.

6 If you are uncertain about a new understanding of the Bible, do some research, and then pray for help to understand it. (Ps. 86:11) If you find that you are still uncertain, you may want to put it off for a while, but that does not mean that you should stop studying. Instead of focusing on your problems, focus on all that Jehovah has done for you, especially how he has given you

4. How does Jehovah view Bible students?

5. How can Bible students apply the counsel found at Philippians 3:16?

(Deut. 30:11-14) (See also the picture.)

21 JANUARY of the year 2026

Jehovah never expects more of us than we can do, and he will help us to do what is pleasing to him (See paragraph 6)

As your love for Jehovah grows, you will see that his commands are not burdensome. - 1 John 5:3.*

(Jas. 4:8; 1 Chron. 28:9) If you take the initiative to draw close to God, he will draw close to you. Jehovah sees you as more than a mere member of the human family.

* To help you apply what you learn from the Bible, use the box "This Is What You Should Do" at the end of each study in the book Enjoy Life Forever!

7. What should young ones raised by Christian parents consider?

(Rom. 5:1, 2) Therefore, before attending the Memorial, why not meditate on what Jesus' death means for you personally? Doing so may move you to examine your lifestyle and set goals that reflect your gratitude to Jehovah for the gift he has given you.*

What Does It Mean to Be a Christian?

8 If you are a baptized Christian, you have already demonstrated your faith in the ransom by taking steps to draw close to Jehovah and living in harmony with his requirements; by obeying Jesus' command to preach the good news and to teach others about Jehovah and Jesus; by dedicating your life to Jehovah and getting baptized; and by being persecuted for doing God's will. (2 Tim. 3:12) By your faithful endurance, you demonstrate your love for Jehovah and your appreciation for the ransom sacrifice of his Son. - Heb. 12:2, 3.

9 Those who have already been baptized need to be on guard against any tendency that could diminish their appreciation for the ransom as time passes. When the resurrected Jesus commended the first-century Christians in Ephesus for their endurance, he told them: "I have this against you, that you have left the love you had at first".

* For suggestions on how to draw closer to Jehovah, see the article "Young People - Work Out Your Salvation!" in the December 2017 issue of The Watchtower.

8. In what ways do baptized Christians show appreciation for the ransom?

9. What caution should be exercised by those who are already baptized?

22 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

Fourth, don't be discouraged, and don't feel that God's spirit is not there. Remember the words of the apostle Paul to the Corinthians..." Each block preceded by `

`. Now let's analyze Interpretation 2: What if the question section is a box at the bottom, and the image is a box at top right, and the main text is two columns? Wait, if main text is two columns, how does column 1 finish before column 2? Paragraph 11 starts in column 1 and ends in column 2! If you finish column 1 before column 2, you CANNOT join paragraph 11 without taking text from column 2 and putting it into column 1, OR taking text from column 1 and putting it into column 2! Wait, if you joined paragraph 11, where would it be? In column 1? But half of it is in column 2! In column 2? But half of it is in column 1! AND what would happen to Question 10 and Question 11-12? If you put them after Paragraph 11, you have jumped from Column 2 back to Column 1! That would NOT be "respect columns: finish one before the next"! "respect columns: finish one before the next" literally means: Finish the FIRST column, THEN go to the NEXT column! YES! That is the EXACT definition of: "respect columns, sidebars and boxes: finish one before the next"! Let's re-read the exact words: "(respect columns, sidebars and boxes: finish one before the next) " Look at the phrasing: "finish one before the next"! "finish one [column] before the next [column]"! Finish column 1 before column 2! This phrasing was written specifically to prevent models from jumping across columns or re-ordering text across columns! When a paragraph splits across columns, in column-by-column extraction, each column's text block is output in that column! Wait, or does an OCR engine that does column reading order join paragraphs across columns? Wait! In standard OCR (Tesseract, Abbyy FineReader, Google Cloud Vision, Azure Read API): When Azure Read API or Google Cloud Vision processes a multi-column page: It extracts Column 1 top-to-bottom, then Column 2 top-to-bottom! In their output: Column 1: Block 1: Christian... Block 2: 10 Apostle... Block 3: 11 If you hear... Block 4: 10. How... 11-12. If it happens... Column 2: Block 5: Caption Block 6: It is not on you... Block 7: 12 When

Ask yourself, 'What steps can I take now to repair my relationship with Jehovah?' (See paragraph 16)

What Does It Mean?

(Matt. 6:33) Does my choice of entertainment reflect my hatred of lawlessness? (Ps. 97:10) Do I contribute to the peace and unity of the Christian congregation? (Eph. 4:2, 3) The Memorial season is a fine time to meditate on such matters, for it gives us the opportunity to reflect on what Jehovah and Jesus have done for us and to show our gratitude by focusing our life, not on ourselves, but on Christ.*

Those Who Worship Jehovah

14 Some of our fellow Christians who have served Jehovah faithfully for many years have stopped associating with the congregation.

For information on how to maintain appreciation for the ransom, see the article "Why Do You Serve God?" in the June 15, 1995, issue of The Watchtower.

14. Why have some Christians fallen away from the congregation?

(Jas. 3:2) Still, some who have fallen into serious sin are embarrassed to ask for help. Whatever the case, what will help you to regain your spiritual balance?

15 Think about how Jehovah feels about those who have strayed from the flock of God. Instead of becoming angry with them and abandoning them, he searches for his lost sheep, tries to help them return to him, and looks for them. (Read Ezekiel 34:11, 12, 16.)

16 Consider the following encouragement found in the Return to Jehovah brochure:

15. How does Jehovah show concern for his sheep who have strayed from the flock? (Ezekiel 34:11, 12, 16)

16. (a) What may help those who have become inactive to return to Jehovah? (b) How can we help those who have become inactive to return to Jehovah?

24 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

Be assured that when you return to Jehovah, he will welcome you back into his fold and help you to cope with life's uncertainties, to heal your broken heart, and to find the satisfaction that comes from serving God with a clean conscience. (Isa. 1:18; 1 Pet. 2:25) For example, would you be willing to start attending meetings at the Kingdom Hall again? Why not tell an elder that you would like help to return to Jehovah? The elders may arrange for someone to study the Bible with you for a period of time, confident that Jehovah will bless your efforts to return to a person who shows appreciation for the ransom.

What Would You Do?

17 As the days leading up to the Memorial approach, we do well to take time to meditate on and appreciate the love that Jehovah and Jesus have shown for us by means of the ransom.

18 Regardless of how you personally respond to the ransom, you can be sure that Jehovah will bless you as you unitedly endeavor to be among the millions who "live no longer for themselves, but for him who died for them". - 2 Cor. 5:15.

17-18. How can you make wise use of your time during the days leading up to the Memorial?

HOW WILL THESE PEOPLE REALIZE THE PROMISE OF THE KINGDOM? What is the purpose of the Kingdom, and how will it be fulfilled in the near future?

■ Bible students

■ Baptized Christians

■ Those who have stopped serving Jehovah

14 Praise the New King of the Earth

This article is part of our special coverage of the Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc. (published by Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc.)

LISTEN to the following song.

Are You Not Happy?

What Does It Mean?

This article will help us to learn how to present Bible truth in a more effective way.

Convince Others of Bible Truth

Jehovah, the God of truth. - PS. 31:5.

WHEN we meet a servant of Jehovah for the first time, we are often asked the same question. Some say that they were raised in the truth by their parents. Others say that they have only recently come into the truth. We answer in these ways because we have allowed the truth of God's Word to govern our entire way of life. Why? Because we realize that to be part of Jehovah's family, we must love the truth and live by it. This involves being truthful in speech and conduct. - Ps. 15:1-3.

2 Jesus always spoke the truth, even when his opposers criticized him for being unpopular. (Matt. 22:16) Jesus warned his followers of the consequences of his teaching, saying: "I came to set a man against his father and a daughter against her mother and a daughter against her mother-in-law and a daughter-in-law against her mother-in-law".

3 We try to imitate Jesus by being honest and always telling the truth, even if it means that others will not listen to us

1. What must we do to be part of Jehovah's family?

2. (a) What is popular about Jesus? (b) How did people react to the truth that Jesus taught about God?

3. What will we consider in this article?

26

This article will answer such questions as, What is truth? and How can we tell the truth? and When should we tell the truth? These questions will help us to be effective teachers of the truth. It can help us to be cautious and to know when to stop talking.

WHERE can we find the truth?

(Ps. 19:9; 119:142, 151) What he says is always true; it always comes true; it always comes true; it never fails; it always comes true; it never fails. (Isa. 55:10, 11) It is impossible for Jehovah to lie! (Heb. 6:18) Little wonder, then, that the Bible describes Jehovah as "the God of truth". - Ps. 31:5.

(Rom. 1:20) Speaking to learned Greeks in Athens, the apostle Paul said that God wants us to "find him" and that "he is not far off from each one of us". (Read Acts 17:27.)

6 One way to come to know Jehovah is by studying the Bible, which was inspired by his spirit. (2 Pet. 1:20, 21) Therefore, we have every reason to trust what it says about the origin of the universe and the origin of life on earth. (Gen. 1:1, 26) We have every reason to trust what it says about the origin of sin, suffering, and death. (John 8:44; Rom. 16:20) We also learn from the Scriptures that Jesus will destroy wickedness, resurrect the dead, transform the earth into a paradise, and restore mankind to perfection. (John 11:25, 26; 1 John 3:8) What a privilege it is for us to know the truth and to share it with others! - Matt. 28:19, 20.

Why We Accepted the Truth

7 As mentioned earlier, if we want to be part of Jehovah's family, we must always tell the truth.

4. Why can we say that Jehovah is the Source of truth?

5. Why is it not difficult to find the true God? (Acts 17:27) Explain.

6. What are some of the truths found in the Bible, and why are you excited about them?

7-8. (a) How important is truthfulness? (b) Give an example. (Mark 3:11, 12) (See also pictures.)

27th of JANUARY 2026

Why do you teach the truth, and to whom do you give credit for it?

(See paragraphs 7 and 8)

Consider what happened during Jesus' ministry. (Read Mark 3:11, 12.) On one occasion, when Jesus was preaching in a region near the Sea of Galilee, a large crowd gathered around him, including those who were demon-possessed, who fell down at his feet and shouted: "You are the Son of God". Jesus rebuked them sharply, telling them not to tell who he was, so that the crowds would not believe him.

8 What a powerful lesson we can learn from this account: If our words of truth are important to Jehovah, how important it is that we let our love for him move us to speak the truth and bring praise to him! - Matt. 5:16; compare Acts 14:12-15.

9 Consider another situation in which we need to guard against seeking our own glory: Suppose an elder confided in us and we shared a confidential matter with others. If the truth came to light, those to whom we shared the information might be shocked to learn that we had a reputation for keeping secrets, but that would not bring Jehovah's favor. (Prov. 11:13) Why?

9. What should we avoid, and why?

28 What Does the Bible Really Teach?

How to Find the Truth

10 Read Colossians 4:6. The apostle Paul admonished Christians in Colossae to "let your conversation be always full of graciousness".

11 When we share the truth with others, we should follow Paul's counsel to use tactful reasoning, which is likened to a sharp sword that penetrates deep into the soul and can expose our innermost thoughts and motives. (Heb. 4:12) On the other hand, if we do not use the Bible skillfully, it can lead to unnecessary slander that can lead to contention.

12 To illustrate: Suppose you were walking down the street and encountered a man who was devoted to idolatry and to the celebration of Christmas and Easter. Would you read scriptures to show him the wisdom of worshipping inanimate objects and the pagan origins of the holidays? (Isa. 44:14-20; 2 Cor. 6:14-17) If that were the case, you might have been able to convey the truth to the householder on the first call, but you would not have been able to use God's Word skillfully.

13 Paul also advises us to use salt in conversation. He does not mean that we should cover up the truth or hide it.

10. What does it mean to be gracious? (Colossians 4:6)

11-12. (a) Why should we be concerned about our ability to teach the truth? (b) Give an example. (See also pictures.)

13. How can we add salt to our conversations?

How can you be an effective teacher of the truth?

(See paragraphs 11 and 12)

Imitate Jesus by knowing when and what to teach

(See also paragraph 15)

(Job 12:11) This can be challenging at times - for example, when it comes to our taste in food, we may think that everyone has the same taste; when it comes to our taste in food, we may think that everyone has the same taste; when it comes to our taste in food, we may think that everyone has the same taste in food; when it comes to our taste in food, we may think that everyone has the same taste in food; when it comes to our taste in food, we may think that everyone has the same taste in food; when it comes to our taste in food, we may think that everyone has the same taste in food; when it comes to our taste in food, we may think that everyone has the same taste in food; when it comes to our taste in food, we may think that everyone has the same taste in food; when it comes to our taste in food, we may think that everyone has the same taste in food; when it comes to our taste in food, we may think that everyone has the same taste in food; when it comes to our taste in food, we may think that everyone has the same taste in food. Paul said: "Let us not speak in order to please ourselves but in order to please the one who hears us, that we may know how to answer each one according to what is in his heart".

When It Is Necessary to Speak the Truth

14 Jesus always spoke to his disciples in a way that appealed to their hearts, yet there was still much for them to learn. (Mark 6:34) Rather than trying to teach them everything he knew, Jesus took into account their limitations, recognized that it was not the best time for them to learn certain truths, and even acknowledged that some truths were beyond their immediate knowledge.

15 Jesus' example shows that we cannot teach people all the truths we know at one time. How can we imitate Jesus' example? Consider the example of a householder who loves to celebrate Christmas and Easter, holidays with pagan origins that God does not approve of.

14. Explain. (a) When Jesus was on earth, did he try to teach his disciples everything he knew?

Explain. (Proverbs 25:11) (See also picture.) (b) What should we do if we find that our Bible students are not interested in the truth?

30 From Our Readers

One or two hairs before Christmas.

It may take time for some to adjust their thinking and behavior, but we can help our Bible students to make the needed changes by simply telling them what they need to know at the right time, when they need to know it. - Read Proverbs 25:11.

16 One of the greatest joys in life is helping others to learn the truth about Jehovah.

16. How can we help our Bible students to keep walking in the truth?

By continuing to set a good example. (3 John 3, 4) By living in harmony with our faith in God's promises found in his Word, by preaching the truth with the right motive, by being courteous, by choosing the right words, and by speaking the truth at the right time - all of which should bring praise to Jehovah, the only true God.

COVER SUBJECT Page 29: As depicted in the accompanying picture

What Does It Mean?

Serving as Witnesses of Jehovah's Kingdom

This article is part of a series on God's purpose for mankind.

In this article

Study articles for March 2-8

Continue to Pay Attention to Your Spiritual Needs

Study article for March 9 to 15

You Can Cope With Negative Feelings

Study articles for March 16 to 22

Why We Need the Ransom

Study articles for March 23 to 29

How Can You Show Appreciation for the Ransom?

Study articles for March 30 to April 5

Present Bible Truth in an Effective Way

This publication is not for sale. It is part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations.

Unless otherwise indicated, Scripture quotations are from the modern-language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures.

The Watchtower (ISSN 0043-1087) January 2026 is published by Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Ghana, House No. J348/4, Tema Beach Road, Nungua, Accra, Ghana. © 2025 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania. It is free and open to the public.

See also

See the Bible Stories in Your Mind

Visualizing Bible accounts can help us to understand and benefit from the lessons we learn from them. Here are some things you can do to help you visualize what you read in the Bible.

• Read the Bible aloud: Reading aloud enables you to visualize the events; reading the Bible as a family gives you the opportunity to see the Bible in action.

• Visualize the emotions and feelings of the characters in the story by asking yourself such questions as: Why did this person act this way? How would I feel if I were in his situation?

Printing Bible accounts will help you to visualize and remember things more easily, even if you are not an artist.

Go to jw.org, or download the QR code

What is the purpose of JW.ORG®?

w26.01-E